
            work-from-home opportunity with occasional travel. will develop machine learning models, run data science experiments, mentor junior team members, and develop and review system architecture. need a bachelor's degree and seven years of experience.
        
            remote role for a manager, data science. will develop strategies, operational plans and standards, recruit, train, monitor and coach employees, develop and coordinate systems, and manage projects and products. need a master's degree and six years of exp.
        
            full-time position. flexible schedule. will lead implementations, collaborate with team, develop case studies, contribute to processes and monitor tasks. must have data handling experience. remote option. travel.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include developing a roadmap & vision for data science reporting, developing & maintaining a business metrics dashboard, and driving the improvement of marketing processes. bachelor's degree required.
        
            the freelance data science content creator will produce technical content for the company's library of templates. must have content creation experience and superior writing/editing abilities in english. remote job opportunity.
        
            join a team, build and lead a data science team to deliver products, manage the development of data science models, apply algorithmic and data thinking and code, build and integrate models as required. remote position.
        
            seeking candidate with master's degree and seven years' relevant industry experience in data science at a tech company to be responsible for all aspects of the data science program, from the computer systems utilized to the recruiting of talent.
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage the development, maintenance, and shipment of data science products, build and lead a team of data scientists, and manage timely delivery of data science solutions. two years' exp. managing teams req.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will be responsible for defining the direction, structure, standards, & processes for data science. the ideal candidate will have at least a bachelor's degree in a stem field & strong knowledge of data science tools.
        
            analyze product metrics and business information, support product development efforts, identify areas for optimization, and support new product launches. remote. requires background in math or science, python and sql proficiency, and 2 years' experience.
        
            work in a fast-paced environment, assist with applying statistical algorithms and models by creating services for data science products, improve the data feedback loop, and contribute data procedures to increase consistency. remote opportunity.
        
            remote data science director needed to innovate, collaborate, analyze, and lead the data science team. bachelor's degree in a related field of study, 10+ years of relevant experience, and experience managing high-performance teams required.
        
            the remote-based data science instructor prepares lessons and learning materials, teaches two classes/week, and provides project guidance to students. a minimum of two years' professional data science experience is required. part-time hours.
        
            duties include growing the data science function & providing leadership for data experimentation, ml, & analytics activities. at least four years' experience with data projects is desirable, as is a related degree or equivalent experience. remote role.
        
            remote position for a data science manager. will guide decisions using data, identify projects that solve problems, design and implement data pipelines, build models and tables, and help build/maintain kpis and dashboards. need seven years of experience.
        
            lead a team of data scientists who develop algorithms that leverage multiple data sources. must have 5+ years of data science or 3 years ds/mle with software engineering experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            director of data science is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will design, develop, train, and validate machine learning models using spark ml, python, and hdfs. master's degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            the associate will collect & analyze data, create models, prepare reports, support data integrity initiatives, & provide training on new dashboards & reports. three years' related experience is expected for this wfh role. a bit of travel may be necessary.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. manage and mentor scientists on the team, work with other departments, analyze big data and build machine learning model to improve product, analyze big data.
        
            the manager will oversee a team of data scientists, help guide product roadmaps, and create experiments for product features. this wfh role requires five or more years' quantitative analysis experience at a tech company. team management exp. is required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities incude driving a strategic data science roadmap, leading a data science team, developing analytical assets, and managing & driving complex analytical projects. msc/ph.d. in a quantitative discipline required.
        
            full-time position. will identify opportunities, interface with staff and communicate results. 8+ years' related data science experience required. strong communication skills needed. telecommute option. $158,000/yr.
        
data science manager is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will develop core decision-impacting metrics, models, and research for products and features. must possess strong leadership skills. at least 5 years of related experience is required.
        
            be responsible for corporate training course lectures and bootcamp prep, mentor students one-on-one in project development, lead course discussions, and provide personalized support to students. part-time remote job with flexible hours. 
        
            full-time position. will identify data sources, provide support, automate data and contribute to knowledge sharing. master's degree and 1+ years' related management experience required. remote during pandemic.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will develop data pre-processing scripts, monitor deployments in the field, analyze data, test code bases, and conduct clinical validation. some travel. bs degree required. salary is $60k - $80k/year.
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will build and manage a team of data scientists and engineers, design solution architecture, manage project priorities, and build dashboards and visualizations. master's degree and 8+ years' experience req.
        
            solve complex technical challenges while delivering improvements to flight data analysis, visualization, & exploration. must have a bachelor's degree and 8 years of general engineering experience, including 3 years of engineering management. wfh.
        
            remote position will operate as a tech lead with junior engineers, design/implement machine algorithms, develop software applications to identify hidden patterns, and design/build/maintain a data platform. need exp. with python, pyspark, and algorithms.
        
            candidate will work with the product and engineering teams to identify opportunities for improvement, translate data into information, and create interpretable metrics to provide insight. must have 2+ years of leadership exp. option to work remotely.
        
            teach the skills and mindset for online students to take on new careers in a wide variety of data science roles. must have 2+ years of professional data science experience and be an expert in sql, python, and related python libraries.
        
            provide support to multidisciplinary teams using various data tools and implementing models and creating algorithms. other duties include using predictive modeling, ad targeting and revenue generation. 10+ years of experience needed. work remotely.
        
            freelance, remote position working part-time hrs. will be responsible for teaching online data science courses. the ideal candidate will be a data science professional who is skilled in either python, r, sheets, or sql and will have strong english skills.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will drive the budget, forecast, and financial reporting for the company's business line and design, execute, analyze, and report out on sophisticated analytics models. ba/bs degree and data analysis exp. req.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will contribute to projects, assist with development,  deliver lectures, grow data and provide industry-specific expertise. master's degree and related experience required. travel.
        
            remote p/t assessment content contributor needed to help write assessments that complement our existing data science content. fluency and experience in python, sql, postgresql, pandas, matplotlib, or other data science topics and english fluency required.
        
            full-time, remote position. will build relationships, execute experiments, collaborate with team, conduct research, create metrics and communicate criteria. 5+ years' related industry experience required. 
        
            leads software development, collaborates on new features, implements unit tests, mentors engineers, and manages expectations. requires five or more years' software engineering experience as well as english fluency. remote position.
        
            provide academic support to learners at an online tech school during pst evening hours. must have a high school diploma and 5 years of experience (or ba/bs + 3). contract with evening work is remote.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will develop robust scalable tools to empower decision-making at all levels of the company and oversee the roadmap for the core product data science team. must have three plus years of exp. as a people manager.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will collaborate with recruiters and hiring managers to develop recruiting strategies. he/she will screen resumes, track pipeline activity, and interview candidates. 4+ years' recruiting experience required. 
        
            deliver instruction, support, and guidance to science students in an online classroom. must have a bachelor's degree, six months of teaching experience, and certification. new teachers welcome. remote, part-time contract job.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. candidate will supervise and mentor team of applied data scientists,  develop strategy, build analytics roadmap, and manage project research design. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' relevant experience required.
        
            remote role during the pandemic. candidate will manage client relationships, collaborate with product and sales teams to develop strategy, manage a team of data scientists, & provide consulting services. ba/bs degree & proficiency in sql req. travel 10%.
        
            seeking a lead data scientist for a flexible, currently remote position responsible for overseeing and supporting teams, generating strategy plans, monitoring industry trends. previous related experience, extensive knowledge of industry trends required.
        
            seeking a temporary instructor to teach a graduate-level data science course. must have a master's degree and experience teaching online. need to have access to a computer. this is a part-time, work-from-home opportunity.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs eight years' recruiting experience and four years' experience managing a team, inspire, grow and nurture a team of recruiting professionals, and will provide mentorship, guidance and career development to team.
        
            remote job for candidate who will devote weekly hours to synchronous earth science sessions, successfully complete training with two weeks of hiring,  and participate in monthly data analysis meetings. six months student teaching experience required.
        
            the data scientist develops data models & algorithms, processes datasets, conducts a/b testing, & creates dashboards & data visualizations. teleworking is currently in place at the company. the position requires an analytics-related background.
        
            seeking candidate with master's degree and six years' product analytics exp. to lead data science and machine learning, execute on the company's data strategy, and drive data product development and delivery of machine learning solutions. remote job.
        
            work on articles in physical sciences fields, such as plasma and fluidics, nuclear, thermodynamics, photonics, optics, etc. must have a master's degree and the ability to edit academic manuscripts. wfh with flex hours for $50k.
        
            remote position for a senior data science and machine learning software engineer. will join a team responsible for the application of statistical analysis and machine learning to difficult problems in the observability space. need relevant experience.
        
            partially remote position for a certified secondary science teacher. will manage instructional programs, complete grading, create progress reports, communicate with students, family and colleagues, and help develop enrichment activities.
        
            partial remote, temporary job for candidate who will support the instructional program with asynchronous and synchronous science instructions, provide prompt feedback on student work, and review and improve curriculum. sc certification and exp. req.
        
            lead product launch and marketing strategy for optimization of business growth. requires a bachelor's degree with 3+ yrs' experience or an equivalent combination. full-time role with remote options & benefits. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will assist with the review and interpretation of scientific data in the field of ophthalmology and partake in technical writing. must have a bachelor's degree in a technical discipline and three years of relevant work exp.
        
            perform sample verification and patient information and billing, identify discrepancies, triage issues and suggest potential improvements for internal workflows. a bachelor's degree is required. remote-based job.
        
            partial remote position will complete grading, support students/parents with strategies, support the instructional program, review curriculum, review data, and develop instructional strategies. must be a qualified certified teacher in science in georgia.
        
            partial remote position will design/deliver machine learning solutions, oversee end-to-end architecture of solutions, identify opportunities for improvement, participate in early ideation, and development. bs degree required and 15 years of exp. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include identifying & engaging in terrestrial wildlife protection opportunities, researching & drafting documents, and conducting scientific literature reviews. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time middle school science teacher needed for a temporary opportunity during the 2020-2021 school year. this is a remote position. will support instructional program. must be certified to teach middle school science in the state of california.
        
            the teacher will manage virtual instructional programs, conduct web conferencing sessions, & grade assignments. must have earth space science teaching certification in wi, in, or pa or earth science teaching certification in ar, wa, or tx. wfh position.
        
            remote position will manage equipment, maintain documentation system, manage/optimize strategies for review, editing/approval of documentation, review analytical test data/reports, and edit procedures. bs degree required and six years of experience.
        
            deliver instruction, support, and guidance to middle school science students in an online classroom. must have a bachelor's degree, six months of teaching experience, and certification. new teachers welcome. remote, part-time contract job.
        
            provide synchronous and asynchronous support which focuses on individual student needs. must be currently certified to teach high school in virginia with a middle ed science endorsement. part-time, home-based role.
        
            virtual position with some travel for a licensed 6-12 science teacher. will plan and execute instructional lesson plans, adapt and enrich the curriculum, maintain records, administer tests, and participate in school activities. need a bachelor's degree.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include expediting the availability of novel treatments, reviewing promotional materials to ensure compliance, acting as a product expert to internal & external customers, and supporting marketing.
        
            remote job for candidate who will edit academic manuscripts in accordance with accepted publication standards. candidate should have a strong editing and research background in life sciences fields with clinical applications. phd preferred. $50k/year.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a certified high school science teacher. will manage and deliver instructional programs, create progress reports, and communicate regularly with parents, students and colleagues. need strong technology skills.
        
            temporary, full-time role working remotely to support computational material science research. collect and evaluate data, perform analytics, and present research findings. must have a phd in chemistry, chemical engineering, or physics.
        
            virtual role. develop relationship with industry contacts and support implementation for new services, close sales deals and negotiate renewals, and meet monthly sales targets. requires 1 year sales and vendor management experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include creating solutions that enable diagnostic & predictive analytics capabilities, researching trends & emerging technologies, and translating customer needs into solutions. 8+ yrs' experience required.
        
            act as a resource for healthcare providers, patients, partners, and internal colleges with field-based scientific information. must have an advanced clinical or scientific degree and 5+ years' msl or industry-related experience. partial remote role.
        
            remote position will identify strong use cases, define scalable data acquisition/labeling strategy, retrieve/normalize data, ensure scalable data stream, conduct internal testing, and interpret results. ph.d. required and five years of experience.
        
            partial remote position will complete grading in a timely manner, communicate with parents/students, support the instructional program, review curriculum, and coordinate social activities/field trips. must be qualified/certified to teach in georgia. 
        
            work on various projects and communicate with different stakeholders to gain valuable business context, analyzing data for a medical devices company. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of analytics experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the sr. data engineer will help determine product strategy, design experiments, develop products, & build analytical frameworks for monitoring products. requires at least five years' industry exp. in data science or analytics. telework option available.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will maintain grade book, make decisions, monitor student progress, meet established goals and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and related experience required. travel. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will prepare students for tests, maintain grade book, troubleshoot issues, make decisions and adhere to procedures. bachelor's degree and related experience required. travel.
        
            partner with aspca behavior teams to offer shelter behavior expertise, travel to aspca facilitates and identify program needs, and conduct volunteer and staff training. 3 yrs of experience is needed. work remotely and travel up to 10 - 12 days a month. 
        
            the lead product manager will articulate the needs of biopharma partners, develop the product vision, define the product roadmap, & facilitate solutioning. at least five years' relevant experience with data & analytics platforms is required. remote role.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include developing & maintaining relationships with business partners, leading customer calls to clarify & refine professional development plans, reviewing & synthesizing data, and developing budgets.
        
            full-time position. will maintain grade book, troubleshoot issues, augment course content and make placement decisions. bachelor's degree and related experience required. partially remote with travel. 
        
            temporary, work-at-home position entering clinical data in an accurate and efficient manner. swing-shift schedule incudes saturdays. must have a high school diploma and attention to detail, along with strong data entry skills.
        
            supports the team in setting targets for greenhouse gases, manages projects, authors research papers, & attends events. requires a master's degree & at least seven to 14 years' exp. with corporate greenhouse gas management. the role is temporarily remote.
        
            full-time, temporary position. will oversee data delivery, identify opportunities, drive innovation and conduct reviews. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. partially remote. $45/hr.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include creating, executing, & distributing data management metrics & reports, receiving, organizing, & reviewing data quality, and developing & updating data transfer specifications.
        
            remote data scientist needed to lead independent analysis, prepare reports and documentation, and present data analysis findings. master's degree with 3 years of relevant experience in the commercial healthcare industry and communication skills required.
        
            remote position will use data analysis techniques to collect/extract insights from structure/unstructured data, develop algorithms/applications to apply mathematics to data, and ensure data integrity. master's degree required and four years of experience.
        
            remote role for a data scientist research and development. will create pipelines and infrastructure to productionize machine learning systems, develop solutions, enhance marketing capabilities, provide insights and progress reports. need extensive exp.
        
            liaise with external vendors and stakeholders to oversee preparedness plans for print products, kit availability, back-to-school fulfillment integration, and establish checkpoints. work from home - travel is expected for customer-facing meetings. 
        
            be responsible for supporting the r&d troubleshooting and support function for post-market surveillance in the clinical group. must have a bachelor's degree and 2+ years of experience as a data scientist. wfh with 10% travel.
        
            full-time, freelance position. 100% remote. responsibilities include facilitating lectures, q&a sessions, & demonstrations, preparing students for a coding assessment, and reporting on student progress. high school diploma or ged required.
        
            be engaging, offering an increased and innovative presence in the classroom for cs students. must have a master's degree and 2+ years' experience within computer science, software engineering, or software development. wfh part-time.
        
            support portfolio management for products to drive revenue, meet profitability targets, provide support, test master data updates, support site sourcing by reviewing supplier specifications and communicate updates to data standards. fully remote.
        
            will be developing models, creating visualization products, building a pipeline of data science projects, & collaborating on project deliverables. must have at least a bachelor's degree & data science exp. in a commercial setting. can work remotely.
        
            remote candidate will identify key business objectives with the stakeholders, evaluate sample data, determine data collection methods, and prepare a solution proposal document. must have three to five years of experience developing analytics solutions.
        
            guide customers on ways to enhance their compliance and quality culture, define strategies, audit and/or inspect readiness and define strategies for deploying solutions across the organization. remote job  must be able to travel. 
        
            seeking a data scientist for a full-time, partially remote position requiring a computer science or closely related ma/ms, five+ years' data science/analytics experience, exceptional communication skills, and an understanding of python, sql, and r.
        
            f/t contract clinical data manager is responsible for all activities of clinical trial data management. bachelor's degree and 2-5 years of clinical data management experience required. remote during the pandemic. temporary position.
        
            make data available and transparent to enable data-driven decisions. must have a bachelor's degree and 4+ years of experience in data/business analysis, data science, engineering, etc. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            provide in-depth business insights and accelerate the data science technology company's data-driven decision making. must have a passion for helping develop advanced analytic capabilities to advance data science. full-time, remote position.
        
            help with devising analytical solutions, project management, client communication, and delivering tangible outcomes. must have a master's degree and 5+ years of relevant work experience running data analytics projects. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will build high-volume data pipelines, and work with others to enable high-scale data science. bs degree required in a scientific field or equivalent experience. need experience with building/operating data pipelines.
        
            remote, flexible role. build statistical models for decision making, analyze business opportunities and create machine learning tools, and provide mentoring to junior team members. requires 3 years' machine learning experience and programming proficiency.
        
            conduct investigations on data for a wide range of clientele under deadlines. create data science practices for various purposes. remote-based position with travel required. must have 2 years of data-centric field work including image processing or nlp.
        
            deliver instruction, support, and guidance to family & consumer science students in an online classroom. must have a bachelor's degree, six months of teaching experience, and certification. new teachers welcome. remote, part-time contract job.
        
            full-time remote data scientist role will conduct experiments, develop analytical tools, develop machine learning models, and clean datasets. experience using data science methodologies and technologies required. degree in stem subject preferred.
        
            job duties include analyzing large datasets, creating predictive & prescriptive solutions, contributing to model deployments, & training team members. must have at least two years' data science experience & a relevant bachelor's degree. remote position.
        
            a remote position is available for a data scientist who has machine learning expertise in the auto industry or a related field. must have a data science background, a decade of programming exp. with statistical software, and at least a master's degree.
        
            remote position will own analytical frameworks, design experience, interpret results to draw conclusions, develop models to extract trends, measure results, and present findings to influence leadership. need five years of experience. 
        
            build trusted relationships with prospects, discover creative methods to use data science and resolve problems, scope projects, and provide quality advice to c-suite clients on data strategies. full-time partial remote position.
        
            the remote data scientist will make measurement plans for data product launches, analyze learner behavior, evaluate the success of key initiatives, & estimate project impact. must have computer science, statistics, applied math, or related technical exp.
        
data scientist needed for a full-time, remote option position responsible for conducting research, writing code, generating and developing designs, and generally working with data. three+ years' experience, computer science degree required.
        
            help the company's efforts in both business-facing data science and machine learning engineering. must have a master's degree and experience with classification and regression techniques. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include developing quality control concepts, creating a specific lab operation vision, finalizing approaches for various products, and contributing to position papers that address quality control.
        
            partial remote position will provide insights to clients, solve specific business problems on client projects, develop new or improve upon existing products, and conduct analyses/generate insights. graduate degree required and modeling experience. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will establish and maintain key partner stakeholder relationships, advise pharmaceutical partners on the use of data and technology, and receive and answer client business requirements. client facing exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            f/t remote data scientist needed to help build machine learning infrastructure and roll data science outputs into production. experience working as a data scientist or ml engineer, python experience, and team communication/collaboration skills required.
        
            remote role. build & maintain machine learning products, maintain data pathways, test algorithms and provide reports to stakeholders, and create performance metrics for instruments. requires ba & 4 years' data science experience, plus python proficiency.
        
            virtually teach students, participate in monthly data analysis meetings, offer targeted and rich feedback, and adhere to state and client-specific procedures and policies. at least six months of experience is needed. remote part-time contract position.
        
            the data engineer will create data platform & analytical solutions. a wfh option is available for this job. must have exp. with sql, etl, big data technologies, & scripting languages. knowledge of data management, data storage, & distributed systems req.
        
            coach and instruct fellows who are interested in getting a job in various data roles. must have 3+ years of experience in data science, the tech industry or in a related field. work flexible hours, 5-10 per week.
        
            remote position will measure/report on core product/feature metrics, perform in-depth analyses of product data to inform/guide product direction, design/analyze experiments, and design surveys/provide insights. ba degree required and four years of exp.
        
data engineer needed for a full-time, flexible job responsible for building data models and solutions, overseeing communications, supporting projects. travel, two+ years'data analytics solutions development, computer science or related degree required.
        
            assist with maintaining all facets for an analytics platform, offer troubleshooting support, and identify new opportunities for refinement while assisting with building innovative analytics tools used for data science and dashboarding. remote.
        
            improve natural language processing systems, develop brand safety technology, and optimize real-time price engines for publishers. must have a degree in a related field and 3+ years' data science and machine learning experience. remote options.
        
            provide data-driven, research and consultation to the internal content strategy team, use on-and/off-platform data, identify gaps and over-saturated areas and consult with partnership teams. a bachelor's degree is required. remote contract.
        
            health science and medical technology teacher is needed for a part-time remote role. the candidate will provide high-quality personalized education experience for each student. current teaching certification and prior related experience required.
        
            remote position will prepare manuscripts for publication, participate in medical affair reviews of publications, execute scientific proposals, prepare summaries for publications, and write white papers. ph.d. required and strong writing skills. 
        
            part-time contract role will instruct, mentor, and evaluate students in virtual learning environment. provide students with feedback and learn course curriculum. certified to teach in pa, hqt status, and 6 months of student teaching experience required. 
        
            remote position for a collegiate faculty, environmental science and management. will lead and manage faculty and courses, and drive program quality, consistency and growth, faculty improvement, and curriculum output. need ma/ms and three years of exp.
        
            part-time position with the option to work remotely for an assessment content contributor, computer science. will design/author assessments based on existing content, and help learners master coding concepts. need experience with coding fundamentals.
        
            senior data scientist will use machine learning and data mining techniques to develop automated processes and solutions. experience with python and sql is desired. knowledge of fraud,  spam and payments is a plus. remote work options.
        
            support scoping complex data-centric projects across multiple teams and systems, and work on deliverables to promote bias to action. must have 3+ years of work experience in analytics/data science. full-time, remote position, 45-65k.
        
            remote position will mine data to identify trends/patterns, generate insights, identify strategic business questions/issues for data analysis/experiments, and prioritize/manage data science projects. ba degree required and 12 years of experience.
        
            partial remote position will handle medical input, expert for clinical study team, protocol development from concept to final protocol, contribute to data review, data analysis, and clinical report authoring. md required and five years of experience.
        
            partial remote data scientist needed to work on and lead data projects, data analysis, segment user behavior profiles, geospatial analysis, and many more. experience as a data scientist, background in developing ai solutions, and fluency in sql required.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will develop and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques, perform data mining, and help enhance data collection procedures. must have familiarity with data pipeline stack of airflow.
        
            a senior data scientist is needed to develop data science solutions, design experiments, and communicate findings. need to have five-plus yrs' exp. as a data scientist and knowledge in operations research. home-based with flexible hours.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will work to solve data problems & develop strategy to improve records data set. design models to improve data quality. master's degree and 3+ years' professional experience in data science or big data required.
        
            full-time, remote data scientist will oversee the company branded software entity. must have experience with statistical modeling, engineering data pipelines using big data technologies, and computational biology. bachelor's degree required.
        
            the sr. data engineer will help build the company's data foundation, develop & automate data pipelines, & manage data integrations. requires at least five years' data science or data engineering experience. remote position.
        
            the data scientist will analyze data, build models, provide predictions, & complete complex projects. requires r or python skills & a background in supervised & unsupervised model creation. a relevant bachelor's degree is required. remote position.
        
            remote position for a data analyst. will assist a product team, transform data into research-grade data offerings, help define requirements, assist in the implementation of an analytics platform, and identify opportunities need a degree and seasoned exp.
        
            f/t remote staff data scientist needed to oversee the research and development of new and unique models to detect human behaviors and vehicle kinematics. master's degree and understanding of data science principles, algorithms, and practices required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include delivering course content in an online environment, providing instruction, guidance, & support, monitoring student progress, managing the learning process, and maintaining a grade book.
        
            oversee core data engineering, business intelligence, and data warehouse frameworks, systems, tools, roadmaps, and best proactices. must have a bachelor's degree and 10+ years of experience in data science or engineering fields. wfh.
        
            create data tools and maintain visualization and complex data sets, provide ad-hoc analysis and identify security issues, and communicate with clients about project needs. remote work option. requires ba, 3 years' it experience, and python proficiency.
        
            oversee the management of data, collaborate with the teams, and perform data visualization and reporting activities. must have data, reasoning, and analytical abilities, along with an education in a quantitative subject with relevant exp. remote options.
        
            the data scientist will evaluate & improve products by analyzing data, building analysis pipelines, & providing business recommendations. must have two years' experience working in a field related to data analysis. remote working is allowed.
        
            the data engineer's activities will include building data systems & pipelines, fixing bugs, & helping improve product design. candidates for this remote position need at least two years' professional experience in data engineering or software development.
        
            remote position for a director of data insights. will build a data science team, scope projects, perform data analysis, develop, deploy and monitor models, and plan, deliver and maintain machine learning solutions. need relevant knowledge and experience.
        
            creates data architecture infrastructure, owns the enterprise data strategy, & provides data expertise to customers. must have cloud certifications & at least 15 years' development & deployment exp. with data warehouse & analytic systems. remote role.
        
            remote role for a staff data scientist. will focus on pushing products and business forward, and solve problems. need seven years' commercial experience in a data science role. need knowledge of code and experience creating data products and strategies.
        
            join customer experience practice. aptitude and creativity are valued. will use machine learning related techniques to develop scalable solutions. extract key insights. phd in area of computer science req. this is a full-time contract. telecommute.
        
            virtual role. provide data extraction & analysis from large data sets, ensure quality of reporting, develop dashboards to organize materials, and apply machine learning models to information. requires ba and 3 years' experience, plus python and sql work.
        
            the sr. data engineer will be helping build a data platform, owning project delivery, & democratizing data access. must have at least five years' experience in developing production distributed systems. the engineer has the option to telework.
        
            seeking data scientist for full-time, remote position. requires a minimum of a bachelor's degree. responsible for building insurance risk models, designing data collection strategies, and formulating physical problems as data science problems.
        
            the remote big data consultant will collect business requirements, create big data analytical solutions, develop data pipelines, & advise clients. must have three to five years' exp. & a bachelor's degree in cis, computer science, or a related area.
        
            the data scientist will focus on developing ml data products and solutions. this position is remote. those candidates who possess a bachelor's degree in a quantitative major will need at least two years' related work experience.
        
            remote position. will define and implement data architecture strategy and infrastructure, help translate functional specifications into data processes and models, and identify rules for data transformation, consolidation and cleansing. need 15 years' exp.
        
            remote position will manage databases, data collection systems, data analytics/other strategies, collect required data, analyze results, retrieve information, and interpret trends or patterns. bs degree required and two years of working as a data analyst.
        
            the data engineer will develop and maintain data feeds, define data models and data transformations, and implement data solutions. must have at least five years' related engineering experience. the engineer will be able to telecommute.
        
            candidate will manage databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that maximize efficiency, collect required data, and analyze and interpret trends. ba/bs degree and two years' data analyst exp. req. optional remote job.
        
            full-time remoter role. he/she will develop data process and strategy, maintain analytical processes and procedures, apply data mining techniques, and perform statistical analyses. master's degree and experience with data visualization tools required.
        
data engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will build a new streaming data infrastructure to feed machine learning and analytics. must be able to create and maintain libraries. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            create new courses, optimize the admissions process, make improvements to data workflow and engineering and write blogs and articles. the ideal candidate should have previous teaching experience and be fluent in python. remote position.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include developing a thorough understanding of an overall data processing pipeline, completing data reports, and working on complex data projects. master's or ph.d. required.
        
            telecommute role analyzing data to make product improvements and support marketing and business goals. design statistical and ml models and data warehouse systems. must have 4 years of data science experience and a bs in a quantitative field of study.
        
            remote position for data scientist with experience in modeling on structured and unstructured data sets, exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, data visualization, and deep learning approaches. need programming skills in sql, python, r, or java.
        
            seeking a data analyst for a full-time, remote position responsible for coordinating and analyzing data, generating reports, building dashboards, fulfilling requests, and analyzing data. python experience, sql proficiency required.
        
            f/t remote option senior data engineer needed for continuous improvement of every step of our data processing pipeline. 4+ years of experience building workflow solutions for near real-time reporting, data science, and machine learning required.
        
            remote position will build data solutions, create/maintain data pipelines/transformations, write queries, stored procedures, create data integrations, design data models for the data warehouse, and provide estimates. ba degree required and two years exp.
        
            candidate will organize, and analyze data from various sources, scope messy data for tractable insights, and identify candidate statistical or machine learning solutions. five years' relevant industry work exp. and phd req. remote job during pandemic.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include developing front-end & back-end web application architecture, implementing new features, and identifying & resolving complex issues. bachelor's in computer science or related field required.
        
            machine learning engineer needed to architect and develop systems that include data ingestion, data processing, algorithm development and ml model development. related ba/bs degree and python and amazon aws or devops automation exp. req. remote role.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and three years' experience in data science building. develop insights and data visualizations to solve complex problems, communicate ideas to internal stakeholders, and build predictive models.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include building data pipeline infrastructure, loading data from various sources, building complex data platforms, defining master data management strategies, and performing unit tests.
        
            the contracted data scientist will optimize search experiences for users, conduct online experiments, & provide guidance on product strategy. must have experience with big data systems, data science tools, & distributed computing. work-from-home role.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and  one year' healthcare data research experience. validate data outputs, work on solutions to align data to use cases, and support key players involved in sales and implementation.
        
data analyst is needed for a temporary opportunity. he/she will execute customer data synchronization across various systems. must possess strong data mining and analytical skills. bs degree and prior related experience required. remote for now.
        
            remote position for a data engineer. will implement and support systems that provide interactive query performance on multi-modal data, improve systems, troubleshoot and improve infrastructure, and create data tools. need three years of experience.
        
            conduct high-volume data analysis. build insightful reports & presentations to support business operations. requires strong data-management knowledge and organization, preferably with experience. full-time role with remote options.
        
            full-time, remote position. will be responsible for deriving useful insights, developing applied data science methodologies, and applying machine learning-based solutions to complex problems. bachelor's in a quantitative discipline required.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will produce data-driven stories that result in links back to the company, write and field surveys, and conduct analyses using available data sources. must have three plus years of exp. with data-driven journalism.
        
            remote position for a data analyst. will help identify, design and implement reports, dashboards and analysis, analyze customer behavior, transform raw data into insights, analyze trends and test results, and track kpis. need a ba/bs and two years of exp.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will improve user acquisition, develop automated reports, build data deliverables, analyze claims and handle integrations. bachelor's degree and related experience required.
        
            the data engineer will work on modern elt & custom data integrations, oversee pipeline orchestration, & collaborate on analytical features. requires exp. in elt & data pipeline design & implementation. a cs bachelor's degree/equivalent is req. remote job.
        
            option to work remotely. candidate will design and execute solutions for data management and transformation, help with research projects, and create processes to validate the integrity of data. must have 3+ years of experience developing data solutions.
        
            the sr. data scientist will support health initiatives, analyze large datasets, develop algorithm models, use ml techniques to research solutions, & refine insights. six or more years' experience in data science is required. this is a remote opportunity.
        
            remote position will discover new opportunities to apply data science concepts to portfolio of products, present findings, guide the design, development/measurement of an experiment, and present results. bs degree required and six years of experience.
        
            remote position for a data scientist. will wrangle, model and visualize data, design and build apis across a front end, help ensure reliable data pipelines, build and deploy testing models, and optimize analytics. need three years of experience.
        
            identify ways to apply machine learning techniques, and partner with business stakeholders and engineers to design, develop and deploy ml/ai products to drive business results. must have 3+ years of data science experience. remote opportunity.
        
data scientist will use various programming languages and business intelligence platforms to analyze data and support machine learning. government consulting exp. is a plus. bachelor's degree is required. telework options, currently fully remote.
        
            f/t remote contract data analyst needed to drive data analysis for service a materials program within the customer care organization. bachelor's degree with 3+ years of related experience and experience using business software required. temporary.
        
            turn prototypes into production systems by writing clean and maintainable code; deploy and monitor your code in the aws cloud. must have 3+ years of industry experience in data science. full-time, remote position.
        
            candidate will partake in the design of new initiatives, work with the team to build tools for data science teams, and support the existing platform. must have three plus years of experience developing data products. option to work remotely.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include determining analytical needs, building data models, presenting analysis insights, and maintaining & contributing to existing analytical infrastructure. bachelor's & 2 yrs' experience required.
        
            remote position will resolve data issues, present data analysis reports to stakeholders, manage the customer onboarding process, oversee ongoing maintenance, improve company products, and offerings. ba degree required and two years of experience.
        
data engineer needed for a full-time, remote option position requiring exceptional communication skills, sql proficiency, familiarity with sqoop, hive, impala, hdfs. will monitor and ensure data quality, develop tools, ensure customer satisfaction.
        
            remote job for candidate who will build and maintain scalable data pipelines for both batch and stream processing, apply dimensional modeling to design tables, and optimize database architecture. ba/bs degree and aws cloud infrastructure exp. req.
        
            senior data engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will transform raw data into useful systems and build a data architecture that supports analytics, data science, and software engineering. aa degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            virtual opportunity. will help research, design, experiment, and prototype end to end solutions, learn user needs, gather data, validate results, and explore machine learning/ai technologies. need five years of experience and a mathematics-based degree.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelors degree and experience building data pipelines. perform strategic assessments of existing infrastructure and business processes, design and develop that analytical layer, and support scientists.
        
            use writing, programming, & analysis to communicate our product performance to our team. requires a scientific/quantitative master's degree or 2+ years of experience related to data visualization, analytics, reproducible research, or sql. 100% remote.
        
            build automated etl solutions and automated data pipelines across the organization via the translation of functional requirements. 3 - 5 years of cloud-based automated data pipelines, python and sql experience is required. remote option.
        
            provide oversight of technical requirements and data initiatives for large healthcare organization, and implement data strategy. remote role. requires ba, 12+ years' enterprise software experience, and understanding of governance structures.
        
            telecommute position conducting analysis, building frameworks, and creating solutions within the data science infrastructure. must have at least 4 years of quantitative experience with strong python and sql abilities. requires design and deployment exp.
        
            responsible for developing automated, scalable reporting and analytics solutions. must have a bachelor's degree, 3+ years of experience working with data, and advanced sql skills for acquiring and transforming data. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t data analyst need to analyze and validate data originating from a department of defense information system and lead project-related tasks and assignments. bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience required. remote during the pandemic.
        
            full-time, temporary job. needs an associate's degree and two years' research and analysis experience. analyze data for creation of statistical reports used for process evaluation, maintain databases, run and review reports, and will analyze results.
        
            create data-driven stories resulting in back links to financebuzz, perform analysis using available data sources, create visuals and write guest posts for websites. 3+ years of relevant work experience is desired. option for remote.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will develop novel machine learning models, manage machine learning projects, mentor junior staff, and extract clinical insight from data. master's or phd degree preferred. 6+ years' data science experience required.
        
            bring scientific rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of product creation, development, and improvement. must have a master's degree and 2 years of work experience in a data analysis related field. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position. flexible schedule. will document large data sets, validate performance, present processes and develop machine learning solutions. master's degree and related experience required. remote during pandemic.
        
            seeking a data analyst for a remote position requiring experience with data integration, various databases including access, oracle, sql server, and db2, and bi/reporting tools. will build models, conduct tests, coordinate and analyze data.
        
            the data architect will focus on developing and managing database administration programs. qualified candidates have at least a decade of experience. the architect must be able to telework during the pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will identify data needs, understand metrics, deploy data pipelines, interface with staff and conduct analyses. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            design and construct data-driven models and provide users with knowledge on how goals for personal finance can be achieved. this role requires 50 hours of work each week. must have five years of java, mysql and spring exp. option for remote position.
        
            the manager will scale the data & analysis function, oversee a team, & help manage data infrastructure & platforms. must have advanced english skills & four or more years' data analytics, science, or engineering experience. this is a wfh job opportunity.
        
            create and manage a large dataset used by engineers and analysts to test and train machine learning applications and assist with coordinating the development of applications across data science functions. flexible work schedule.
        
            create data pipelines, model payment scenarios, connect new data sources, provide client technical support and draft internal/external technical documentation. a bachelor's degree and 2+ years of experience are needed. work from home.
        
            remote role will develop and implement analytic solutions, machine learning, data visualization, and predictive modeling. will collaborate with analytic partners to develop solutions for customers. ba/bs degree and statistical technique knowledge req.
        
            remote position creating dashboards, analyzing performance, and communicating results. requires a bachelor's degree in a relevant field and solid analytical skills. must have experience with algorithms, linux, machine learning, and data mining.
        
            remote position will frame/conduct exploratory analyses, contribute to product improvements/initiatives, create dashboards for product experiment tracking, and business unit performance analysis. need experience with relational databases, data mining.
        
            candidate will build scalable data pipelines and api integrations, build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction and transformation, and evaluate and integrate open source and vendor tools. python and google bigquery exp. req. optional wfh job.
        
            develop effective, informative, and data-derived visualizations to facilitate successful platform-based staff collaboration. requires strong data-science knowledge and related experience. full-time, mostly remote role with light travel.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include assisting with building predictive models, developing data products & predictive models, and creating meaningful data visualizations that communicate findings. ph.d. preferred.
        
data analyst is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will lead data analysis and identify insights from product usage to drive product updates, enhancements, and fixes. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will develop and demonstrate solutions based on groundbreaking data science software, build collateral applied to consumer internet use-cases and help build ml solutions. five years' software engineer exp. req.
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage team business intelligence initiatives, translate stakeholder requests into the correct analytical framework, and analyze marketing data and campaign performance. 3 years' data analysis exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and experience using hierarchal modeling methods. develop an understanding of input data used by team, problem solve and execute improvements to complex machinery, design and execute improvements.
        
            generate meaningful analyses that impact player performance and behavior in games. must have expertise with data analysis tools along with your deep domain knowledge of games. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t contract data engineer needed to deliver a high-quality product suite ensuring that it meets and exceeds client expectations. bachelor's degree, 5+ years in a data engineer role, exp with analytics tools, & analytic skills req. remote during pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, build recommendation systems, generate data sets, contribute to open source projects and provide expertise. 3+ years' related industry experience required. telecommute.
        
            ensure that the scientific or real-world data used in a given solution is fit-for-purpose and is used in a manner compliant with the data use agreement & laws. must have a bachelor's degree and 8 years of experience. frp.
        
            remote job for candidate who will research, design, and create short lessons that break difficult concepts into bite-sized chunks, write, edit, and review content, and ensure accuracy of the lessons produced. ba/bs degree and computer science exp. req.
        
            partner with product and engineering to discover insights and develop algorithmic solutions that support personalization at scale. must have a master's degree and 5+ years of professional data science experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will design/develop statistical analyses, present/interpret the predictive models, perform quality assurance tasks on model code, build quantitative models with data, and develop queries. ba degree required and three years of experience.
        
            lead analytics activities, manage tight deadlines, and generate dashboards/reports. must have 3+ years' quantitative industry experience, excellent sql skills, python experience, and experience wiring stories using data. remote options.
        
            due to covid, the data engineer will telecommute until further notice. duties will include helping design a cloud-based platform that powers data storage & architecture. must have a related bachelor's degree or three to five years' relevant experience.
        
            f/t remote data specialist needed to help produce comparable estimates of the impact of diseases, injuries, and risk factors across the globe. bachelor's degree, 4 years of experience, and success in developing code in r or python required.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, launch transformation processes, drive data, assist with implementation and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. remote.
        
            remote position will analyze/maintain large databases of user data, develop scalable software, optimize applications for maximum speed/scalability, extend/improve internal software systems, and integrate databases. need two years of experience.
        
            seeking a data scientist for a full-time position. design/build learning models, create visuals, and provide ai driven services. must have a ph.d. and three plus yrs' exp. developing machine learning models. full-time with remote options.
        
            help with the analysis and identification of key customer kpis and trends in customer/product usage. must have some college and 2+ years in a data analytics-oriented role. full-time, remote position.
        
            be accountable for the execution of business analytic and creative data approaches to improve the customer experience, develop analytics, perform business analysis and make recommendations to increase efficiency. option for remote.
        
            remote position. analyze data and build machine earning systems to optimize workflows, ensure applications run efficiently, and write and review code across teams. requires ma, sql and python proficiency, and understanding of statistics.
        
            full-time remote role will develop kpis, collaborate with stakeholders, develop dashboards, create clean high quality code, and drive business strategy. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' experience in data analytics required. proficiency in sql required.
        
            senior data engineer needed for a remote position requiring a computer science or related ba/bs, sql expertise, extensive knowledge of relational databases, and a strong understanding of scripting. will build systems, write code, troubleshoot issues.
        
            full-time with the option of remote work. duties include leading & executing a marketplace marketing data science roadmap, forecasting & managing revenue, presenting & communicating key insights, and developing & maintaining kpis & reporting tools.
        
            seeking a data analyst for a remote role that requires travel. will provide dashboards and analysis for the client and work with stakeholders to determine the insights to drive business values. must have experience with agile methodologies.
        
            work with technical teams to develop and implement effective data management solutions. requires familiarity with web services, strong problem-solving skills, and 2+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote position with benefits.
        
            define, measure, and socialize metrics aligned to company strategic goals, build dashboards and datasets, conduct data analysis, and translate results. 2+ years of professional work experience is needed. full-time remote job-based in the us or canada.
        
            remote position will participate in all phases of the development life cycle to design/implement solutions, review/guide data model designs, analyze/develop roadmaps/implementation plans, and identify deficiencies. bs degree required and seven years exp.
        
            develop, construct, test, and maintain architecture and oversee data-related activities in this full-time role. must have a bachelor's degree and at least 3 years' full cycle application development experience. partial remote position with some travel.
        
            part-time opportunity working with university students to provide course instruction, administering exams, developing and teaching undergraduate and graduate courses and seminars, and determining final grades. strong problem solving skills needed.
        
            part-time, remote opportunity for a computer science, computer engineering content developer. will create web-based content, define and implement auto-generated and auto-graded assignments, maintain and improve existing content. need a master's degree.
        
            the manager will oversee data from clinical trials, help build databases, & analyze & validate data. must have at least five years' clinical research or life science industry exp., including three or more years in clinical data management. wfh position.
        
            full-time, remote position. will develop scalable systems, operate frameworks, sell new technologies, communicate with team and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            apply machine learning to solve real-world business problems using modern programming languages. must have 8 years' relevant experience within government consulting and organizing analytic results. wfh to start.
        
            remote role for a principal data scientist. will build/validate predictive models, create data-driven solutions, lead data analysis/mining, write python code, present data results, and help generate/test hypotheses. need a ph.d. and 10 years of exp.
        
            remote position will develop new algorithms/employ machine learning to improve the platform, ensure the analytical validity of models/pipelines, and develop in-house tools to bolster team productivity. bs degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will use deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing (nlp), word embeddings and statistical pattern recognition to develop algorithms for psychological analysis of conversational input. nlp exp. req. 
        
data quality analyst is needed for a remote role. he/she will examine complex data to optimize the efficiency and quality of the data being collected. must possess strong analytical skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            contract position. will propose approaches, resolve issues, drive decisions, assist with forecasting and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. telecommute option.
        
            remote flexible position will work on improving processing systems, expanding comprehension capabilities, develop brand safety technology, analyze articles to ensure ads are displayed, and optimization of price engine. need three years of experience. 
        
            temporary, remote position lasting 18 months. responsibilities include prioritizing & completing analyses, sharing & developing analytics, and establishing best practices. the ideal candidate will have 2+ years of related experience.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs bachelor's degree and experience with test driven development. apply processing frameworks to prepare big data, mentor junior engineers, deliver data acquisitions, be an expert in data management, data access and programming.
        
            work remotely from home and collaborate with the analytics team to establish reporting processes, and collaborate with the data & ml team to define data standards and organization. requires 4+ years of relevant work experience.
        
            conduct high-volume bi automation and analysis to provide leaders with valuable insights. requires sql proficiency, high-level detail, a bachelor's degree, and related experience. full-time, remote optional position with benefits. 30k-40k/year. 
        
            full-time data team lead or associate data team lead needed for a remote position with travel involved. will be responsible for managing the delivery of data management services for projects. combination of relevant education and experience required.
        
            work-at-home position managing clinical trial data, serving as subject matter expert, and supporting studies. five years of clinical research of life sciences industry experience is required. a bachelor's degree is preferred.
        
            study and analyze the deployment of filecoin protocols, collect, analyze and process data and make recommendations to business strategies. requires a bachelor's degree and familiarity with data mining and concepts. work from home.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop code and infrastructure for the extraction and loading of data, build large, complex data sets, and build analytical tools to visualize data. must have six plus years of data engineering experience.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs six years' work related experience and master's degree. identify customer's ci/cd pain points like slow builds, engage in exploratory data analysis, evaluate data and define requirements for needed data and be a coach.
        
            remote job for candidate who will explore the company's data to identify product development opportunities, help turn models into production software, and design machine learning solutions. four years' data science exp. req. master's degree preferred.
        
data team lead is needed for a full-time remote role. he/she will provide comprehensive data management expertise to the clinical data management team. must be able to meet agreed-upon timelines. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time, temporary, remote job. pays $90.00 an hour.needs a bachelor's degree and eight years' data management experience. responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting portfolio, establish asset and study strategies.
        
            provide assistance with daily support of data management services, partner with the contract research organization, and generate and distribute reports on data metrics, data review listings and more. us-based remote job requiring occasional travel.
        
data engineer will assess current data infrastructure, build scalable data solutions, and design/optimize new and existing data pipelines. must have exp with sql, data warehousing, maintaining etl systems, and data structures. remote friendly.
        
            develop the execution and strategy roadmap to improve company record data and strategy build and release models to elevate data accuracy and quality. must have 3 - 5+ years of experience. option for remote.
        
            remote opportunity for a product manager, data. will coordinate and strategize a roadmap for the data team, prioritize deliverables, own and deliver features and products, analyze data, and develop and share insights. need three years of experience.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. candidate will analyze datasets, perform statistical modeling, collaborate with stakeholders, develop metrics and reports of trends, and resolve stakeholders issues. bachelor's degree & 3+ years' exp. required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will work with the ceo to establish a data strategy for the flagship product, create a roadmap for answering data-driven questions, and improve forecasting models. must have 4+ years of experience in data analytics.
        
            telecommute role leading data science engineering teams to optimize products and processes. mine and analyze company data, create models and algorithms. must have 10 years of experience and a bachelors degree in a quantitative field of study.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include managing an efficient data platform, evolving a sophisticated data model, authoring & maintaining entity-relationship diagrams, and implementing solutions to proactively monitor data quality.
        
            the sr. data analyst will lead projects, make product-related recommendations based on data analysis, automate reporting, and help build data pipelines and datasets. five or more years' industry experience in data analytics required. fully remote job.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will implement models, create processes, analyze performance and develop metrics calculations. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a senior data engineer. will conceptualize and develop data architecture, pipelines and centralized data warehouse, help build data applications, and provide recommendations. need eight years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include working with a small team of developers designing great user experiences, participating in cross-functional scrum teams, and ensuring that features are efficiently delivered on time. bachelor's required.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will apply various data science methods to understanding the product, partner with key decision makers, and drive general accessibility of data and insights. ms/phd and five years' professional industry exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include utilizing data exploration techniques to identify correlations in sleep & wearable data, designing & implementing algorithms, and contributing to product decisions by analyzing data & metrics.
        
            remote option. build data infrastructure and systems to support business and large scale data analysis, improve existing modeling, ensure pipelines are efficient, and write and review code. requires ba and 5+ years' data infrastructure experience.
        
            seeking candidate with five years exp. working with life sciences companies to own a customer success strategy, establish relationships with customer contacts, and guide customers on best practices to optimize annual releases. partial wfh job with travel.
        
data scientist sought for a senior-level remote position requiring a relevant ba/bs, past experience working with web-based communities, educational datasets, and analyzing data. relevant ma/ms, five+ years' similarly focused experience required.
        
            the sr. data scientist will provide data support, assess the impact of acquisition initiatives, & recognize growth & optimization opportunities. must have at least five years' data science or analytics experience. this is a remote job opportunity.
        
            the remote-based big data consultant will oversee analytical solutions, recommend designs for data lake solutions & big data frameworks, build data pipelines, & help advance platform features. requires a bachelor's-level degree & three to five years' exp.
        
            remote role for a senior data scientist. will help develop data-driven segmentation, algorithms, and predictive and descriptive features, create requirements and specification documents, and mentor junior colleagues. need a ma/ms and three years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote data analyst will perform data analyses, make suggestions to improve risk metrics, and automate reporting of key performance indicators. must have three plus years of industry experience in data analytics.
        
            the data analyst will support the product team, lead data-related activities, and help improve products and analytics practices. three years' analytics experience is required. the analyst can opt to telecommute or work in the office.
        
data engineer sql needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be remote during the pandemic. will be responsible for building data models and integrating data sources. strong sql skills and experience building reliable data sets required.
        
            remote role for a principal data analyst. will define business requirements, develop data models, design, build and test sets of reporting and analytic programs, help collect data, and provide recommendations. need master's degree and eight years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include proactively identifying & championing projects that resolve complex issues, using data to influence product & program decisions, designing & implementing end-to-end data pipelines, and building actionable kpis.
        
            f/t remote senior data scientist needed to help build ai and machine learning (ml) capabilities that pinpoint regulatory misconduct at financial services organizations. 3+5 years of professional data science experience & ml techniques/algorithms exp req.
        
            junior data analyst is needed for a temporary remote role. he/she will troubleshoot data quality issues and work with data analysts to resolve issues. must be skilled in sql. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            support a cross-functional team in the development of predictive models to aid in real estate and marketing decisions. must have a bachelor's degree and experience working in sas, spss, r, or comparable analytical platform. wfh.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work elated experience. serve as a primary point of contact for customer on data management, provide project management expertise working with customer data managers, create plans.
        
            in need of a data engineering manager who has at least four to eight years' exp. duties include owning data, managing & coaching a team, providing expertise on data pipelines, & advancing analytics solutions. the staff will telework until further notice.
        
            develop routines in sql and python for data preparation and analysis, prepare data pipelines, and help develop datasets. must have 3-5 years of experience in sql and python development. full-time, remote position.
        
            manage global data integration projects for a medical device client in a fully remote capacity. lead workstreams, create rules, and advise on strategies. requires pmp certification and a bs in computer science along with 10 years of experience.
        
            oversee the computer vision department, plan and build artificial intelligence and take ownership of the full cycle of building and releasing models for image recognition. basic program language knowledge and ai is needed. remote opportunity. 
        
            candidate will support the management of a portfolio of 2-5 projects, assist with the development of data capture forms, and support data quality and control activities. bachelor's degree and two years' clinical research exp. req. flexible hours.
        
            full-time, remote position. will analyze performance, extract information, draw insights, identify new opportunities and communicate with stakeholders. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. 
        
            remote position will provide functional representation to study teams, create/maintain clinical study databases, execute software development lifecycle practices, train on company processes, and procedures. ba degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will design and produce reporting and analysis based on business requirements and work with product teams to provide analytical support for game design, development, and testing. ba/bs degree and 2-3 years' research exp. req.
        
            provide support to key research projects, computational support to multidisciplinary research projects, and key inputs for papers and presentations. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will work on the data engineering/architecture part of consulting projects, build pipelines, build state-of-the-art solutions with customers, and build out the data engineering side. bs degree required and three years of experience.
        
            seeking candidate with related master's degree or phd and data scientist experience to help extract insights and unlock value from customer data through the rigorous application of statistical and machine learning methods. remote job during pandemic.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will partner with other data scientists and engineers to translate data needs into critical information that can be used to implement scalable data platforms. 7 years' analytics exp. req. $116,312/year base.
        
            remote position. the data & analytics associate will work with various data sources and perform quantitative analysis and reporting, create program impact reports to be reviewed by the program manager and ensure that the data is accurate and timely.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs experience designing and building data lakes and experience with testing methodologies. design adn implement data lake, ensure optimal data pipeline, build and maintain core data models, manage roles and permissions.
        
            the sr. data analyst will manage the sla for data sets, help make sure upstream changes integrate with data models, & lead & mentor team members. requires a relevant degree & four to six years' experience. employees are teleworking until offices reopen.
        
            remote position for a director of data engineering. will recruit, lead and mentor a team of data professionals, define and develop a technical roadmap, and establish and oversee best practices, frameworks and processes. need a ba/bs and six years' exp.
        
            wfh job for candidate who will collect, cleanse, and automate data flows into a central repository, analyze existing data sets to identify patterns and outliers, and collaborate with leaders to validate data insights. ba/bs degree and 2-4 years' exp. req.
        
            seeking candidate with phd or master's degree and proven data scientist experience to help extract insights and unlock value from customer data through the rigorous application of statistical and machine learning methods. remote job during pandemic.
        
            remote position will build out a data function, span the entire lifecycle of data analytics, from data engineering to business insights/reporting, solve data problems, and build a high-performing data team. need a track record of building data teams.
        
            design and implement data management services for data compliance, data trust, data access, and configurable metadata management, listen to customer challenges and demonstrate excellent communication skills. option for remote.
        
            help build the machine learning-powered algorithm products that make the company a leader in the video analytics space. must have a bachelor's degree and experience shipping machine learning-powered algorithm products. wfh.
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop machine-learning models and algorithms to be released as new product features and collaborate with engineers to develop production-level code. five years' data science exp. req. legal exp. preferred.
        
            create customer-focused analytics with peer groups, discover opportunities in order to improve processes, systems and enterprise and develop an understanding of residential and commercial solutions portfolios. option for remote requiring light travel. 
        
            seeking a senior data engineer to architect scalable data models and build etl pipelines for data. must have 5+ years' data-related experience and strong software engineering skills in at least 1 scripting language. remote work options.
        
            seeking a data analyst for a currently remote position requiring a relevant ba/bs, two+ years' similarly focused professional experience. will assist the distilling of data, building stakeholder relationships, oversee projects, analyze data, and more.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and data governance process implementation exp. to help establish a culture of data ownership, roll out a data governance framework, and provide technical guidance in daily data system use. remote job during pandemic.
        
            work from any location and be responsible for owning technical products, creating components, scoping business needs, and participating in founder townhalls. skills in sql, python and kubernetes are needed. 
        
            remote position. support data projects and development of platform, scale products and define technical direction, recommend improvements, and debug issues as needed. requires ba, knowledge of python and aws, plus understanding of data architecture.
        
            part-time, remote-during-pandemic role for a senior data engineer. will develop and implement data models for multiple data platforms, perform analyses, develop and communicate conclusions, and create reports. need bachelor's degree and five years' exp.
        
            full-time, remote job. pays $85,000 a year. needs a bachelor's degree and three years' professional experience.  work directly with stakeholders to elicit requirements for data analysis, analyze healthcare utilization, review, interpret and analyze data.
        
            remote, full-time position. duties include collaborating with data leaders to help define & set a coordinated data strategy, developing data products & experiences, and determining users' needs in order to prioritize new features. bachelor's required.
        
            currently remote position for a data architect, engineer. will build, scale and architect a data platform for online recruiting, develop data solutions, services and messaging frameworks, and mentor junior team members. need relevant knowledge and exp.
        
            remote job available for candidate who will serve as a senior data scientist. msc/phd, experience with classification and regression techniques, and the ability and desire to lead projects from early scoping stages through deployment required.
        
            lead large-scale data evaluation to support the development of next-generation products and new solutions. requires high-level detail/accuracy, a bachelor's degree, and 5+ yrs' experience. full-time role with remote options.
        
            remote role. analyze complex data sets and provide business insights to stakeholders, gather third party information, consult with clients to understand project requirements, and create data visualizations. requires ba and 3+ years' data experience.
        
data team lead needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers remote option and involves travel. will provide expertise and manage delivery of services.  eight years' data management experience and bachelor's degree or equivalent required.
        
            contribute to everything from foundational processing and data storage, through scalable pipelines, to frameworks, tools, and applications that make that data available. experience building data backend systems required. wfh.
        
            full-time position. will prepare presentations, recommend enhancements, identify processes, resolve problems and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop sequencing data pipelines. he/she develop and manage end-to-end data pipelines and build cross-functional relationships. software development experience & knowledge of programming languages required.
        
            the data scientist will acquire & interpret data, implement analytical strategies & solutions, identify process improvement opportunities, & provide reports. requires three or more years' data mining, data analysis, & manipulation experience. remote role.
        
            develop machine learning, data mining, statistical, and graph-based algorithms designed to analyze massive data sets. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of industry experience working in a similar role. full-time, remote position.
        
            build and maintain data analysis tools and modeling, create visualizations and reports for stakeholders, optimize processes across team, and contribute to business improvement efforts. requires ba and 3 years' data analysis experience.
        
            senior data engineer needed for full-time role working remotely to start but eventually in the nyc office. requirements include strong experience in streaming and batch processing, ingestion, data infrastructure design, and data analytics.
        
            develop creative solutions to diverse problems including engineering challenges, unstructured data messes, ontology development, and machine learning applications. must have a bachelor's degree and 8 years of experience. wfh.
        
            the sr. data scientist will act as a liaison for operational teams, create data pipelines, answer business health questions, & improve data models & processes. requires at least five years' exp. as an individual technical contributor. remote position.
        
data engineering manager is needed for a remote role. he/she will help develop pipelines and solutions that enable the delivery of trusted client data. must be skilled in python, spark, and kafka. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            develop data roadmap and build custom reporting tools and dashboards, communicate with stakeholders about progress, and work to automate business processes. remote role. requires data analytics and automation experience, plus crm proficiency.
        
            focus on interpreting data, conducting analysis, develop models, extract key findings and data, define metrics, identify opportunities and evaluate a/b tests. strong python skills and data pipelining experience is needed. full-time option for remote.
        
            conducts experiments, performs data analysis, architects machine learning systems, & designs metrics. must have a relevant ms degree or equivalent experience. machine learning expertise is required. teleworking is in place until at least july 2021.
        
            f/t data engineering manager will create overall data and analytics objectives and strategies to support teams in their reporting, analytics, and story-telling needs. bachelor's degree and 8-10 years of experience required. remote during the pandemic.
        
            will work with stakeholders, define solutions, resolve bugs, and create unit tests. must have three plus yrs' engineering exp. and excellent communication skills. full-time, work-from-home opportunity. 
        
            analyze data and reporting to build platform solutions, partner with development teams to understand goals, utilize machine learning to provide modeling and insight, and conduct research for stakeholders. requires ba and sql proficiency. remote role.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will manage the architecture and operations of data protection technologies, conduct privacy assessments, and help with the development of secure data strategies. must have 3-5 years of experience with data security.
        
            design and build software, provide data visualization and analysis, and troubleshoot products when needed. requires ba, 2 years' experience, and programming knowledge. full-time, flexible hours available.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will anticipate issues where data can be leveraged to address needs, translate business needs into data solutions, and work with it to move prototype processes. must have eight years' exp. leading analytical projects.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs master's degree and five years' experience transforming data. work with business teams to build production grade learning models, enhance and apply customer lifeline value models and will apply machine to enhance  quality.
        
            senior data scientist needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a partially remote position with travel involved. will be responsible for providing technical leadership and analyzing data. bachelor's degree and five years' experience required.
        
            remote position will coordinate projects/ad hoc requests by identifying/gathering raw data, define/communicate strategy, prepare documents/presentations, and track/evaluate the progress of goals.  ba degree required and two years of experience.
        
            work-at-home role performing data analysis on a senior level to convert customer data into software solution deliverables. manage all project aspects to ensure success. must have 5 years' experience and a bachelor's degree in it or cs.
        
            remote position will resolve complex issues, build infrastructure for extraction/loading of data, build/maintain deployment tools/processes, optimize products, and monitor health/security of data pipelines. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            full-time position. will drive decision-making, interface with staff, fuel business growth, deliver projects and manage vendor processes. 10+ years' data platform team lead experience. telecommute option.
        
            help build the health analytics team to enable the safety, security, health, and well-being of our nation. must have a master's degree and 10 years of experience in data analytics in a leadership role. active public trust clearance required.
        
            the healthcare data analyst will oversee data management, analytics, and reporting. this temp-to-hire role is remote during covid restrictions. candidates need a bachelor's degree and three or more years' experience in a healthcare environment.
        
            remote lead data manager needed to conduct related data management activities on cep clinical trials. bachelor's degree, 8+ years industry experience with at least 2 years clinical data management experience, and communication skills required.
        
            remote position will contribute to the design, implementation/delivery of large-scale data architecture, storage/pipelines, build enterprise distributed data processing systems, and data lakes. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            the staff data scientist will help identify opportunities for developing data-driven products, build scalable models that support business decisions, & present insights. requires three or more years' experience depending on education level. remote role.
        
            one-year contract position working remotely at the present time due to the virus. provide technical consulting and support big data platform and advanced analytics solutions. must have 5 years of experience, strong r python skills, and preferably a bs.
        
            remote option. conduct analysis of listener data for audio streaming platform, define program goals and make recommendations to stakeholders, build data reporting tools, and understand podcast industry trends. requires 3 years' analytics experience.
        
            senior data scientist is needed for a full-time remote role. he/she will set up data and measurement strategies to understand the state of the company's products and operations. at least 5 years' related experience is required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include building & improving data pipelines, continually improving data warehouse operations, monitoring, performance, & quality, and automating business processes. occasional travel required.
        
            the sr. data scientist will be developing core models for the platform, creating experiments, and addressing data infrastructure needs. remote flexibility is available. must have three to five years' exp. creating ml solutions for business problems.
        
            perform data engineering to create product grade data products. integrate solutions, support marketing and manufacturing, and create features. must have a bs and 5 years of experience with etl data pipelines. flexible and remote working options offered.
        
            senior data engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will create and maintain testable etl pipelines using gcp services and python. must be proficient in data architecture principles. bachelor's degree and prior related experience req.
        
            work with partners in respective domains to develop deep understanding of their use cases, data schema, develop metrics, and drive insights and decision making. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience as a data analyst. wfh.
        
            conduct analysis on marketing data to support cloud-native, distributed sql databases. create strategy, evaluate campaign performance, and give recommendations. must have 4 years of data analysis experience. flexible and remote hours offered.
        
            full-time, option for telecommuting. candidate will evaluate data and apply advanced statistical techniques to provide a deeper understanding of products, and help improve decision making. must have 2+ years of experience in the design of a/b tests.
        
            the data analytics engineer will build automated dashboards & models, develop etl processes, support data storytelling, & create reporting solutions. requires experience with microsoft bi tools, ms sql development, & dax programming. remote role.
        
data analyst needed for a remote option position requiring sql proficiency, strong python skills, extensive quantitative analysis experience, and familiarity with conducting large scale a/b experiments. will define metrics, analyze user data.
        
            partial remote role will be responsible for data modeling, analysis, and interpretation for gtm strategies, collaborate with team members, develop and analyze data, & code software programs. bachelor's degree and 5 years' analytics experience required.
        
            lead data engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexible hours and the option to work remotely. will be responsible for integrating data product with microservices and building capabilities. experience and degree required.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will perform rapid prototyping of experimental solutions, build and own business intelligence dashboards, optimize supply chain and logistics, and analyze large data sets. three years' data analytics exp. req.
        
            remote flexible position will lay foundation for building sustainable data products, collaborate to design/architect production-grade data products, build the architecture capability, and manage a team. bs degree required and 15 years of experience.
        
            seeking an experienced software engineer with a bs in computer science to join our team. will create data products and services in java, scala, and python. provide support for development operations and work collectively with other teams. remote role.
        
            position with the option to work remotely for a staff data scientist. will define success metrics, build tools to monitor kpis, develop data foundation, experimentation and machine learning capabilities, and collaborate on the roadmap. need relevant exp.
        
            focus on delivering analysis and use data to drive the future direction and roll-out of a product, establish success metrics, execute a a/b testing roadmap and build dashboards and other reports. remote work allowed during covid-19.
        
            remote job for candidate who will design and build data pipelines, dockerize apps for deployments to kubernetes clusters, and apply experience with cloud computing for data pipelines. ba/bs degree and five years' scala/java software engineering exp. req.
        
            be accountable for performing modeling and analysis of unstructured/structured datasets to create reports, metrics, and visualizations of patterns and trends, drive projects, and support efforts to review high volumes of data. telework.
        
            the staff engineer will take on full stack ownership of product design & implementation while working on high-velocity ai services & data products. must have at least five years' professional experience & an advanced degree. wfh options are available.
        
            full-time position. remote. will integrate datasets, maintain documentation libraries, support data enhancement requests and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required.
        
            work remotely and be responsible for providing data meanings through information infographics and visualizations, advise on methods to standardize and augment dashboards and visualization, and create style guides.
        
            work remotely from home and use your knowledge of core technology, collaborate with stakeholders and peers, and support business analytics use cases and engineering. must have experience with snowflake, azure and python and understand the data lifecycle.
        
            seeking a senior data analyst for a position with remote work options. will help define, implement and monitor kpis, build and maintain data models, and drive adoption and provide training for a business intelligence tool. need professional experience.
        
            the sr. solutions architect will craft cloud architectures & sales strategies, serve as a customer advocate, & deliver customer training. requires at least 10 years' design, implementation, & consulting exp. with enterprise applications. partially remote.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, execute sales strategies, migrate applications and educate customers. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required. partially remote with travel.
        
            define and develop data collection and capture strategies in order to meet eu or us-based development programs, and ensure the timely set up and implementation of clinical study edc designs. a bachelor's degree is required. us-based remote job.
        
            engineer needed for a remote position requiring python experience, an understanding of cloud-hosted data stores, low-latency apis, and agile methods, and a strong attention to detail. will build applications, deploy prototypes, perform audits.
        
            design experimentation and measurement plans, define metrics and use dashboards, mentor members, and collaborate with data engineering. experience working as a data science lead is desired. remote option.
        
            implement the data pipeline cloud, manage the cloud architecture, and mentor the team. must have at least 5 years' experience developing/managing scalable data pipelines in the cloud and 4+ years' ml engineering experience. remote options.
        
            be responsible for building, scaling, and architecting one of the largest big data platforms in online recruiting. must have a bachelor's degree and 10 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            campaign data analyst is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will conduct statistical research and analysis in support of clients. must possess strong sql and exel skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            the sr. data analyst will work on statistical modeling, analyze datasets, own project areas, and develop visualizations and reports. five to eight years' experience is typically required. due to the pandemic, the staff members are currently teleworking.
        
            full-time position. will make recommendations, create intake processes, monitor data integrity, define best practices and analyze trends. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. remote option.
        
            f/t senior data analyst will perform statistical modeling and analysis of structured and unstructured datasets to develop metrics, reports, and visualizations of trends and patterns. bachelor's degree and 5-8 yrs of exp required. remote during pandemic.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and 5-7 years' exp. to lead technical integration projects for the company platform, lead custom solution projects, analyze customer needs, and lead technical implementation projects. partial remote job with travel.
        
            join a small team and define kpis and diagnostic metrics to improve the user experience, create dashboards and reports and collaborate with engineering and data teams. must have 7+ years of relevant experience. option for remote.
        
            be accountable for conducting ad hoc analysis for internal/external clients, identify data trends, and make recommendations to workstream leadership while serving as a subject matter expert. home-based position.
        
            full-time position. will translate business requirements, build pipelines, identify best practices and collaborate with team. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related data modeling experience required. telecommute.
        
            senior data engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers the option to work remotely. bachelor's degree, sql and spark skills, and proficiency in one modern programming language required. statistics experience preferred.
        
data integration engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will help design, develop, test, and monitor edi communications. must possess effective communication skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            build reports and dashboards, along with looking for trends that will have a positive impact on revenue. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience in a data analysis role. full-time, remote position for $90-$120k.
        
            full-time position. will report progress, adhere to processes, maintain industry knowledge and draft lesson plans. 2+ years' related data engineering experience required. strong communication skills needed. remote.
        
            work remotely from any location and provide team support, partner with management and leadership teams and offer business insight, manage an internal data warehouse, engage with several internal departments and create new optimizations and features.
        
            remote senior data scientist needed to uncover barriers in our product's usability and utilize these insights to inform product improvements that drive growth. 5 years of experience working in a quantitative role & ability to run rigorous experiments req.
        
            partial remote position, full-time. configure and maintain database solutions, monitor for issues, and optimize project spending. requires programming language proficiency, cloud experience, and work with data capture tools.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and three years' analytics experience. execute data analytics services supporting the audit department, identify and recommend tools and software to improve program and write sql queries.
        
            full-time, remote. analyze data and ensure accuracy, maintain databases and dashboards, write reporting and visualizations, and use insights to assist with business decision making. requires ba and 2 years' experience, plus strong time management skills.
        
            full-time, remote position offering flexible hours. duties include providing engineers with coaching & performance evaluation, prioritizing & planning work, maintaining & improving data infrastructure, and monitoring machine learning models & platforms.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. duties include collecting, analyzing, & interpreting large datasets, developing data-driven solutions to complex business challenges, and developing prototypes, predictive models, custom analysis, & algorithms.
        
            develop new ideas into ai/ml-driven products using the company's wealth of natural and organic retailer data. must have 4+ years of experience using python in a retail analytics context. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will gather requirements, conduct data analyses, collaborate with team and identify implementation tasks. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            be responsible for providing the marketing organization with data-driven insights that guide optimization and investment decisions. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of analytics experience. wfh, contract-to-hire role.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include identifying, understanding, & answering key questions, presenting findings & recommendations to stakeholders, performing complex data analysis, building & maintaining dashboards, and reporting on metrics.
        
            develop and run statistical models to understand how tam activities drive customer behavior and how they respond to improvements. must have a bs and 3+ years of experience with data scripting languages or statistical/mathematical software. wfh.
        
            quantitatively explore rich historical data from sites, pharmaceutical sponsors, and other stakeholders and use it to uncover applicable insights. must have 4 years of experience delivering analytical reports. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include building self-service business intelligence & reporting capabilities, integrating data products with a suite of microservices, and providing feedback on new features. bachelor's degree required.
        
            full-time remote contract role will collaborate with architects, scientists, and engineers on international projects and will support data-driven businesses. bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering and experience in data modelling required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include helping build market-leading pricing analytics & risk prediction capabilities, designing, developing, deploying, & maintaining pricing models, and generating new research ideas. bachelor's required.
        
            remote position will be responsible for end-to-end execution of new client engagements, build predictive models, create materials/solutions, create/implement solutions, and identify opportunities in process. ba degree required and experience. 
        
            seeking a lead data scientist engineer with at least a decade of exp. tasks include analyzing data to drive process/product optimization, developing data models & algorithms, evaluating data sources, & building an a/b testing framework. remote role.
        
            mid to senior data engineer needed for a remote position will work on building out new etls, set up both batch data, stream data services, and build out cloud data warehouses. bs degree required and five years of data engineering experience.
        
            remote position will lead major/complex projects, delegation of work/review of work products, propose solutions, provide guidance, coaching/training to other employees, and integrate subject matter expertise. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            wfh job for candidate who will work with software/hardware/product design teams to build full-service solutions for clients, focusing on building hardware/software solutions that meet business needs. prediction modeling and aws exp. req. $105k-$130k/year.
        
            full-time position. will generate ideas, conduct analyses, meet objectives, resolve issues, improve decision-making criteria and build partnerships. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote. 
        
            remote position will build full-service solutions for clients, focus on building end-to-end hardware/software solutions that meet client's needs, and present ideas/results to audiences. experience with predictive modeling preferred. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop data integrations between internal systems using third-party apis, execute a system to monitor data quality, and maintain rigorous data quality standards. must have exp. working with general ledger integrations.
        
            the sr. manager will oversee data engineering teams, collaborate on strategic roadmaps, & support the delivery of data solutions. at least 10 to 15 years' managerial experience with data delivery & data teams is required. the role is remote during covid.
        
            analyze, test and validate data for clients, understand best practices, ensure data is accurate, processed and delivered in a timely manner, create a data validation checklist and report and document software defects. telecommute.
        
            contribute the architecture and design new initiatives, collaborate with the team to build tools and provide technical guidance. requires at least 1+ years of professional work experience and a four-year college degree. fully remote job.
        
            lead data analysis and reporting operations to support projects in the management of healthcare data. requires high-level organization, a bachelor's degree, and related experience. full-time, remote optional position; occasional travel required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will collaborate with stakeholders, manage the data and analytics activities, define the roadmap, manage data engineering, and manage the data & analytics team. 10+ years of relevant experience required.
        
            seeking a data scientist who has operations/supply chain domain exp. & a relevant degree. job duties will include developing & operationalizing projects, creating analytical capabilities using sql or python programming, & analyzing data. remote position.
        
            develop and refine core components of the ml platform. build and maintain production-level python libraries. must have experience in data engineering, software engineering, mlops, data science, or research. full-time, remote position.
        
            software engineer needed for a full-time, remote option position requiring a computer science or similarly focused ba/bs, python proficiency, exceptional communication skills. will support the development lifecycle, troubleshoot issues.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include designing & implementing monitoring tools, prototyping solutions, communicating with internal stakeholders & clients, and gathering stakeholder feedback. bachelor's required.
        
            duties include creating content and core messaging, developing campaigns for business leaders and technical practitioners, and researching market trends. 5 years of experience and bachelors required. option to work remotely.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will mentor scientists, make decisions, define metrics, identify opportunities and collaborate with team. 5+ years' related statistical modeling experience required. 
        
            full-time position. will respond to issues, collaborate with team, resolve problems, maintain vehicle systems and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        
            push the boundaries of computational linguistics and drive innovative new products at scale. must have a doctorate degree and 3-5 years post-graduate experience in ml, specifically in nlu/nlp. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will perform analyses, disseminate learnings, contribute to development, discover data insights and identify opportunities. 5+ years' related data analytics experience required.
        
            temporary remote position will present large volumes of data, assist team members in day-to-day tasks, produce monthly/quarterly reports, process/validate data for analytics, extract data, and suggest improvements. ba degree required and experience.
        
data scientist will apply data analysis and causal inference to answer questions about users, design experiments, and evaluate results to influence new product design. must have 3+ years' industry experience, and have expert sql skills. remote options.
        
            engage with business stakeholders to discover pain points and data & analytics opportunities, lead customers and team members to create strategies and solutions, and serve as a data advocate, coach and mentor team members and clients. work from home.
        
data scientist is needed for a remote role. he/she will frame and conduct complex exploratory analyses. must be able to use machine learning and big data tools on large data sets. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            design and own the flow of data throughout the business, build and manage a data platform to support products and build a team that will support the platform. a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience is needed. remote full-time position.
        
            work-at-home role creating data and analytics solutions for political advocacy campaigns. provide consulting, build models, and automate workflows to support clients. must have a bachelor's degree and relevant experience along with a passion for politics.
        
            remote position will conduct statistical research/analysis in support of clients, share findings/recommendations with team members, help clients what influence their customers, and develop compelling stories. ba degree required and two years of exp. 
        
            full-time position. will articulate insights, respond to inquiries, develop metrics and perform statistical modeling. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            work with design, product managers, operations and engineering to develop kpis, metrics and forecast quarterly targets while conducting deep analysis and monitoring experiments. a bs degree and experience in product analytics is needed. remote.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include executing & managing data management timelines, generating, reviewing, & approving study documents, distributing data management metrics, and identifying possible study issues & risks.
        
            centralize corporate data in order to gain insights, knowledge, and scalability, that empower a proactive and rigorous analysis of key business indicators. must have a doctorate and 2+ years of experience in consulting, research, or government. wfh.
        
            full-time position. will define metrics, interface with staff, create dashboards, provide information and solicit feedback. 4+ years' related dashboard performant building experience required. bigquery sql knowledge needed. remote option.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include establishing, aligning, & confirming data management expectations, reviewing clinical data management documents, and planning & tracking content, quality, format, & timing of data management deliverables.
        
            the sr. product manager will oversee the data product roadmap, provide leadership to teams, design data pipelines, and lead the data product/architecture strategy. at least four years' product management experience needed. remote-based position.
        
            define quantitative metrics for product area and lead the product roadmap from strategy through execution. must have 7+ yrs of data product management exp and b.s. degree in a technical field. 3+ yrs of data infrastructure exp is also required.
        
            the pre-sales data scientist will analyze data, build models & algorithms, & improve data modeling solutions. requires three or more years' industry experience in a similar role. must have a related bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. remote role.
        
            validate and ensure data quality on the platform via the validation, reconciliation, and execution of test cases and report findings, and identify and maintain issues with data quality. temporary contract remote mst or pst position lasting 6 - 12 months.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and three years' product analyst experience.gather, manipulate, analyze and document raw, complex data, leverage external industry data to identify assortment gaps and category opportunities.
        
            remote position for a senior clinical data analyst. will review study protocol, perform data cleaning, medical coding and reconciliations, develop status reports, set up and review documents, and mentor staff. need bachelor's degree and six years of exp.
        
            remote position will be a key contributor to the design/implementation of data engineering pipelines, ensure overall execution of operational data, and lead the development/product releases. bs degree required and five years of experience.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include setting the vision for overall data & evaluation strategy, refining outcomes through service & product offerings, designing an evaluation strategy, and overseeing data collection. bachelor's preferred.
        
            process high amounts of transactional and real estate data in real time and batches to create real estate data sets, perform analysis to ensure datasets are reliable and robust and work with various data processing technologies. option for remote job.
        
            engage closely with product teams to fully understand problems, evaluate and select the proper datasets for unsupervised/supervised machine learning problems, and research and develop machine learning methods. remote opportunity. 
        
            seeking a software engineer to manage gdpr compliant data lake at pb scale and run complex data pipelines. a four-year degree and experience building data platforms and pipelines are required. work remotely from home.
        
            full-time position. will research customer needs, contribute to process improvements, perform auditing and capture requirements. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include analyzing large sets of data, extracting insights to drive decision-making, developing novel data sets, reports, & features, and communicating data-driven insights. bachelor's degree required.
        
            remote f/t data platform program manager needed to partner closely with analytics, artificial intelligence, and other technology partners to take our internal data & platform strategy to the next level. bachelor's degree & 5 years of experience required.
        
            hr data analyst is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will translate complex data into compelling stories for non-technical audiences. must possess strong project management skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience req.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will develop proposals to implement scalable data architecture and define development processes. bachelor's degree and strong knowledge of programming and scripting languages required. travel up to 50%.
        
            build reporting capabilities and self-service business intelligence using various technologies such as snowflake, sql server, aws and databricks, engage with several internal departments and offer feedback. remote option.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. work with business and product teams to identify important questions, define key success metrics, and work as a liaison between the business and engineering teams. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a master's degree and five years' work related experience. formalize and seek engagement for data quality framework, establish best practices for technical and conceptual data quality solutions, report data.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs strong experience in data engineering and strong python programming background.build and maintain production level python libraries, drive best practices in version control, leverage open source tools, drive initiative.
        
            full-time position. remote. will build out test capabilities, process data, verify product functionality, evaluate results and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will create and execute ad hoc research requests, manage and become a subject matter expert on longitudinal surveys, design samples, and manage sql queries for the team. ba/bs degree and 1-3 years' data analysis exp. req.
        
            candidate will guide clinical teams on large scope projects, create metrics to measure clinical outcomes, and help develop analytical approaches. must have five to seven years' exp. in healthcare financial analytics. remote role until further notice.
        
            full-time, remote position. will mentor engineers, maintain automated solutions, improve processes, uphold architecture and build key datasets. 4+ years' related software engineering experience required.
        
            remote position will measure the performance of paid marketing campaigns, own marketing/growth funnels, identify/analyze key trends/patterns, and design/communicate results of growth experiments. need experience with data visualization tools.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will build systems that can effectively score and crunch terabytes of data and work with product management and data science to identify and use relevant data. ba/bs degree and exp. building distributed systems req.
        
            remote job for candidate who will use best practices to develop statistical machine learning techniques to build models that address needs and communicate results of modeling techniques to the team. master's degree and 3 years' exp. preferred. $95k/year.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will perform complex exploratory analyses to understand users, utilize machine learning on large and complex data sets, and create advanced dashboards. must have experience with sql and relational databases.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include performing exploratory analyses, building product improvements, designing data pipelines, creating a risk strategy framework, and creating advanced dashboards. bachelor's in a quantitative field required.
        
            work on team-based initiatives to develop and optimize platform solutions in data management. requires extensive technical skills, full-cycle devops knowledge, a bachelor's degree, and related exp. full-time, mostly remote role with some travel.
        
            business intelligence data analyst needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position. will analyze key metrics and implement new dashboards. two years' experience in a similar role and bachelor's degree in a related field required.
        
            remote position will own/grow all aspects of data operations, production support related to new client/user onboarding, recruit/mentor a team, build/lead the production support function, and establish processes. ba degree preferred and eight years exp.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a data scientist, fiance analytics. will help establish priorities and opportunities, help build analytics, help generate reporting, perform exploratory analysis, and assemble and build metrics. need four years of exp.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will provide leadership to ensure projects or programs are completed within budget and schedule and coordinate data operations team activities across all geographies. ba/bs degree and clinical research exp. req.
        
            architect, implement and maintain fault tolerant applications for data processing required for internal/external customers, and define repeatable patterns for real-time streaming applications. cd/ci pipeline epp is needed. remote option.
        
            f/t remote senior data-bi analyst needed to work with key customers and technical teams to deliver business intelligence solutions to support the company's growing business. bachelor's degree, 3-5 years of experience, and ms office proficiency required.
        
            partial remote position will troubleshoot issues with system implementation, manage gis data, manage hosting platforms, provide/write system technical recommendations, and develop gis applications. bs degree required and six years of experience.
        
            research, design, and implement data models and cutting edge algorithms on high-dimensional, fast-moving, unstructured, and structured data. must have a bachelor's degree and 4 years' experience in an analytics-related field. wfh to start.
        
            remote job for candidate who will research and compare approaches for segmenting the company's mobile membership, evaluate pros and cons of different methods, and establish a plan for tracking the project. complex data analysis exp. req. $89,466/year.
        
            full-time position. will analyze data, drive resolution processes, collaborate with team and lead objectives. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. partially remote with travel.
        
            full-time remote role. flexible schedule. candidate will analyze competitor sets to measure trends, utilize statistical testing, analyze games, and conduct gap analysis. experience analyzing complex data in commercial or academic setting required.
        
            create custom applications, support data set integrations, monitor and analyze data, and make recommendations. must have a bachelor's degree in a related field and 1-3 years of experience. solid communication and organizational skills are needed. remote.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs bachelor's degree and three years' experience analyzing and interpreting data. use multi-sourced data and marketing principles to create marketing dashboards, perform advanced analysis to understand and explain trends.
        
            work to leverage data and develop business insight for customers, and create white papers & product demos for customers. requires 5 years' data implementation experience, programming proficiency, and knowlege of related tools. partial remote, some travel.
        
            use machine learning and appropriate techniques to develop data-driven solutions for business use cases with external partners, lead the analysis and mining of large quantities and mentor and assist in supervising data scientists. remote opportunity.
        
            remote position for a data and personalization solutions specialist. will define business problems and opportunity sets, present and evaluate solution options, and help engineers deliver demos, rapid prototyping and storytelling. need two years of exp.
        
            build advanced statistical models to quantify the impact of a major streaming service's marketing spend. must have a master's degree and 7+ years of experience in advanced analytics. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will implement processes, manage expectations, define requirements, share insights, analyze product features and build pipelines. 6+ years' related analytics experience required. 
        
            associate faculty member needed for a part-time, temporary, remote job requiring a computer science or related ma/ms, extensive knowledge of the cyber security industry. will prepare and teach classes, facilitate student conversations, resolve issues.
        
            remote position will design, implement/analyze experiments to determine how changes affect user behavior, conduct analyses to understand performance, create sound summary metrics, and communicate findings. ba degree required and four years of experience. 
        
            partially remote position for a data scientist, personal auto telematics. will perform data mining, propose model structures, write code, build/test models, present findings, and translate needs into analytical solutions. need ba/bs and four years of exp.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five-eight years' experience with data analytics. develop and implement a model for research data management, perform analytics on patient populations, perform explanatory data analysis, analyze data.
        
            optional wfh job for candidate who will lead a group of data scientists to apply state of the art analytics to commercial insurance challenges, leverage customer information, and help operationalize business decisions. ba/bs degree and 7 years' exp. req.
        
            part-time, temporary position. 100% remote. will be responsible for teaching data analytics courses at the master's level and creating an engaging, inspiring, & supportive online learning environment. doctorate required.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will collaborate with team, build processes, drive business results, develop strategies and leverage techniques. master's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. 
        
            remote position for a senior software developer, data platform. will help build and maintain a platform that delivers accessible data to merchants. need four years of relevant experience.
        
            position with remote option. will help define product strategy and direction, develop analytical framework to monitor performance, develop revenue model/forecasts, and design/analyze product experiments. need bachelor's degree and three years' experience.
        
            work as part of a cross-functional team that is responsible for understanding and empowering an internet company's financial health. must have 2 years of experience in quantitative analysis. full-time, remote position.
        
            responsibilities include organizing all merchant data into highly-optmized formats, leverage and create useful and simple useful products, and building end-user experience for data discovery and experimentation.
        
            senior data engineer needed for a full-time, remote position requiring exceptional communication skills, past api design experience, and strong problem-solving ability. will assess needs, coordinate/develop design ideas.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will set the long-term roadmap, prioritize short term deliverables for the data engineering team, and coordinate development efforts and timelines. bachelor's degree and five to seven years' exp. req.
        
            position with the option for work remotely for a senior data scientist, machine learning. will develop/implement ml algorithms and personalization products, help identify new opportunities, and derive insights. need graduate degree and three years' exp.
        
            senior data scientist is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will develop models to explain how product, pricing, and advertising decisions affect customer behavior. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            design and test code using javascript, node, angular, and other tools. will also collaborate with teams to troubleshoot and scale software. remote position. requires 2 years' software development experience, ba, and knowledge of related web tools.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, lead efforts, drive alignment, resolve issues, integrate systems and create roadmaps. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            lead, guide, and mentor roadmap and ranking strategy alongside leadership, team members, and product teams, create and implement offline/online testing and validation methodologies, and partner with data engineers. work from home position.
        
            remote option role. he/she will utilize machine learning, statistics, and modeling to improve efficiency of systems, conduct data analysis to make product recommendations, collaborate with teams to solve problems. ba/bs degree & 2+ years' experience req.
        
            position with the option to work remotely for a senior data scientist, product analytics. will help drive product roadmap, design experimentation and measurement plans, identify/communicate insights, and help design/develop pipelines. need relevant exp.
        
            remote position. will work on algorithms and systems that power contextual segment engine using text mining, information retrieval and machine learning, and work on semi-structured text, time series and graph datasets. need btech and four years' exp.
        
            design deep learning solutions, stay up to date with the latest ai research, and translate business requirements into machine learning products. must have a master's degree and 3 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will drive product strategy/requirements for major components of data platform, own interoperability strategy/roadmap, scoping, user needs/maintenance of data platform tools, and measure value. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            full-time position. will adhere to timelines, serve as point of contact, meet deliverables, provide guidance and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and related experience required. work from home option. travel. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will resolve performance issues, maintain security controls, formulate policies, review activity and conduct audits. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            remote position will define/set standards for engineering, drive engineering strategy/vision for the product, work with customers/product managers, innovate, and adopt new software/technologies. bs degree required and ten years of experience. 
        
            opportunity for full-time, remote position responsible for developing strategies for catalog management platform, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and providing mentorship. must have eight or more years of experience with data systems.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will effectively communicate to and manage internal project teams, manage contracted project delivery, and ensure information entered into management systems is accurate. ba/bs degree and clinical research exp. req.
        
            sap master data governance consultant is needed for a remote role. he/she will translate customer requirements into a comprehensive solution. must be able to work in a fast-paced environment. at least 5 years of related experience is required.
        
            the security and privacy officer will be leading the company's physical, hardware, and software security program. must have at least five years' software engineering or information security experience. the opportunity to telework is available. 
        
            oversee all post origination data related to the portfolio; be the primary point of contact with loan servicers and internal teams. must have 5+ years of experience in loan servicing or investor operations. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time role with remote option will maintain marketing database, collaborate with program managers, troubleshoot data issues, and serve as database business analyst. bachelor's degree & knowledge of sql required. 5 years' experience preferred.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will collaborate with team, conduct financial analyses, calculate growth rates and meet business needs. master's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. 
        
            develops front- & back-end solutions, works on cross-functional projects, & maintains & improves the company's web app. requires at least four years' experience with complex systems & domains. flexible hours may be available. option to telecommute.
        
            senior engineer needed for a remote position requiring a computer science ba/bs, five+ years' experience in software development, and an understanding of linux, node, and k8s. will troubleshoot and resolve issues, write and verify code, build platforms.
        
            provide strategic guidance to named customers to increase the value they get from the master data management software. hands-on experience related to master data management, data warehousing, or system integrations is required. wfh.
        
            remote position for a senior manager, engineering. will lead efforts to use data for observability, security and analytical insights, lead a team of engineers, and oversee development of products, services and experiences. need a ba/bs and 15 years' exp.
        
            remote data analyst needed to support data infrastructure, enhance visibility and usability of existing data, expand access to data sources, develop advanced reporting functionality, and more. experience working with complex data sets and jira required.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include participating in improving existing demand models, implementing constrained optimization techniques, and utilizing various approaches to resolving complex problems. ph.d. required.
        
            a senior software engineer is needed to manage configuration/deployment of service stack, add new record types to the system, and monitor system. bachelor's degree and five-plus yrs' exp. as a software engineer req. work-at-home.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include working on projects to increase revenue, operational efficiency, & sales productivity, creating methods of identifying risks & opportunities, and creating & maintaining dashboards
        
            f/t senior product manager needed to build scalable channels for customer feedback that enable our customer-centric product roadmap. bachelor's degree, 5 years as a product manager or technical product manager, & communication skills req. remote option.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will execute strategies, supervise resources, maintain timelines and assist with data migrations. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required.
        
            senior data scientist is needed for a remote role. he/she will help analyze economic, product, and business problems using analytics. must be skilled in python, r, sql, and/or tableau. at least 4 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            create the shipping and fulfillment layer required for e-commerce, partner with product managers and leaders to deliver strategies, perform primary/secondary user research and define metrics. full-time position - remote work is allowed during covid-19.
        
            full-time position. will create applications, collect match results, handle initiatives and connect with players. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option.
        
            part-time, temporary, telework role for candidate who will perform online instruction duties including participating in classroom discussion boards, grading assignments, and responding to student inquiries. online teaching exp. and master's degree req.
        
            drive the teams responsible for user activation, engagement, data engineering, and ecommerce projects. must have a bachelor's degree and experience building software from the ground up. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will write code, design/implement developer-first api infrastructure, deploy highly performant models, make trade-offs during all phases of the project lifecycle, and build tools for integration. bs degree required and experience. 
        
            support measurement efforts and analytics for strategic accounts using the lxm approach, participate in road mapping and team scoping and develop measurement strategies and plans to offer program insights. full-time option for remote. 
        
            f/t partial remote senior quality manager needed to focus on first-time quality, robust risk, and issue management, and maintain an inspection-ready state.  bachelor's degree, knowledge of ich-gcp and clinical trial regulation, & travel ability required.
        
            f/t associate director needed to coordinate and manage complex processes and projects and to support the advanced analytics initiatives. bachelor's degree and 10+ years experience working to develop and improve technical solutions required. remote option.
        
            remote position will lead the design, implementation/delivery of technical solutions, build, develop/scale platform, and inspire, recruit/mentor colleagues. bs degree required and ten years of progressive experience from project ownership to leadership. 
        
            the director will support the qa environment, lead a team, create the technology infrastructure strategy, & own team deliverables. must have experience as a qa automation engineer & a background in qa team leadership & agile development. remote role.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will present insights, build dashboards, drive resolution, develop machine learning models and work with team. master's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will perform closely with key business leads, conduct insightful analyses on major trends, and propose rapid experiments to test the effect of new strategies or initiatives. ba/bs degree and 8 years' data exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include leading & collaborating with other engineers, identifying & implementing solutions, leading large projects, and proactively identifying risks & opportunities. 10+ yrs' experience required.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, identify opportunities, drive kpi reviews, conduct research and build relationships. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and 8 years' exp. working with aws, google, and azure to define the vision, roadmap, and strategy for analytics capabilities, identify kpis, and quantify the impact of adoption programs. remote job. $105,728/year base.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include co-creating a strategic vision for a product area, maintaining updated knowledge of competitive offerings within the market, and designing solutions for a range of problems. 
        
            full-time, option for telecommuting. candidate will expand and improve the existing web application, develop front and back end solutions, and partake in cross-functional projects. must have four years of experience working in complex domains.
        
            full-time, telecommute position. will communicate key insights, conduct analyses, evaluate models, interface with team and develop frameworks. master's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will research analytical methodologies, develop statistical forecasting tools, develop functional strategies, and interpret analytic results. master's degree or phd and 4+ years' industry experience required. 
        
            design and develop new search functionality within the fusion platform, assist with developing and integrating a robust search dsl and improve upon public facing sdks and apis. option for remote.
        
            competitive intelligence consultant is needed for a remote role. he/she will perform statistical analyses, prepare recommendations, and monitor the company's competitive position. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            long-term, temporary contract. will document quality assurance activities, evaluate standards and assist with strategy development. must have debugging experience and strong communication skills. part-time. remote.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will perform analysis, design, and programming for software products or customer applications. will write code and test and debug applications. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' relevant experience required. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include sourcing partnerships & client opportunities across various industries, organizing a lead generation & management platform, and monitoring & tracking performance metrics.
        
            remote position will build/architect solutions to detect problems with customer experiences, identify/categorize themes related to problems, transform model outputs into formats, and mentor data analysts. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will help develop the machine learning-powered algorithm products, help identify new ai product opportunities, and help a/b test innovative algorithms. must have three plus years of relevant industry experience.
        
            candidate will build and evolve models that drive customer impact, identify opportunities at all stages of the modeling lifecycle, and prioritize work across a portfolio of potential projects. 10 years' data science/engineering exp. req. remote job.
        
            full-time position with telecommute option. will resolve issues, collaborate with team, develop technical requirements and create tools. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related public cloud experience required. 
        
            provide clients cloud-based product solutions and demonstrate software, manage bids and proposals, and support marketing campaigns. requires ba, up to 30% travel, knowledge of clinical trials, and sales skills. must have experience with edc systems.
        
            project manager is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate is responsible for the delivery of customer-focused security solution projects. must possess excellent project management skills. ba/bs degree and prior related experience required.
        
            serve as a key customer liaison to manage communications between the customer, project team and internal stakeholders, track and communicate the project status and track project risk. remote position for candidates in germany, france of the uk only. 
        
            practice director is needed for a full-time remote role. he/she will manage a team of consultants responsible for delivery. must ensure customer success from beginning to end of the engagement. at least 8 years' related experience is required. travel.
        
            remote job for candidate who will make decisions and utilize available resources to meet customer requirements and analyze, maintain, and reconcile various customer and company reports. hs diploma and two to three years' experience required.
        
            senior software engineer is needed for a remote position. the candidate will own the full software development lifecycle. must be proficient in f# and python. prior related experience is required.
        
            be responsible for effective and efficient implementation of custom software solutions for biopharmaceutical clients, leveraging shs core platforms. must have 8 years of experience and a bachelor's is preferred. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote role. contribute to marketing messaging strategy for scientific data products, analyze content & contribute to market segmentation, collaborate and edit campaigns, and support paid search efforts. requires ba and 3+ years' life science experience.
        
            remote opportunity for a staff research scientist. will build and evolve models, develop new models, data sources, model enhancements and feedback loops, prioritize work, and produce and articulate analyses. six years of experience preferred.
        
            part-time, temporary position. 100% remote. duties include equipping students with a required skill set, facilitating classroom discussions, and assessing student performance. doctorate in computer science, data science, or related field required.
        
            seeking a regulatory affairs manager for a long-term, temporary, seven-month position requiring six+ years' experience with regulations, a science or similarly focused ba/bs, familiarity with ctd and cmc content. will build templates, ensure compliance.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' experience in science or medical-related writing. provide scientific and medical writing consultancy to clients, lead project teams in drafting report specifications, and serve as a mentor.
        
            business analyst needed for a remote option position requiring five+ years' relevant experience, two+ years' experience with lims implementation projects, a science-focused college degree, and exceptional communication skills. will review lab data.
        
            must understand institution policies and end user needs, mentor peers, lead/implement projects, and optimize roi. requires a software development or science research related bachelor's & 4 years' it/science field experience. remote term-funded freelance.
        
            provide support and respond to technical inquiries, maintain response time metrics, review student work and provide feedback, and support student engagement.freelance, remote role. part-time, flexible hours. requires familiarity with azure, sql, & python.
        
            remote role. lead development efforts, conduct analysis of project work and laboratory data, perform modeling of technologies, and maintain adherence to quality guidelines. requires ba, 10+ years' chemistry experience, and knowledge of ansi standards.
        
            research engineer needed for a full-time, remote position building infrastructure, optimizing models, monitoring industry trends. computer science or related ma/ms, three+ years' relevant experience, and exceptional software engineering skills required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will research, develop, and evaluate algorithms in radiation treatment planning. master's degree & 3+ years' experience in algorithm research or development in machine learning or data science req. some travel.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will lead the institute's research agenda and research team, oversee a research journal, and develop better strategies for leading and managing people everywhere. phd and 5 years' exp. running your own lab req.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will deliver clinical science support for european medical device regulation requirements, assess support requests for publications, and conduct literature searches. must have excellent data presentation skills.
        
            the physicist will support countering weapons of mass destruction (cwmd) activities, perform data analytics, & perform modeling of sensor systems. must have cwmd/cbrn expertise. a math or physics degree or equivalent exp. required. wfh option offered.
        
            work-at-home position performing clinical evaluation and analysis of scientific data. provide input, ensure compliance, and meet timelines. must have a bachelor of science degree and 7 years of relevant experience. medical device experience desired.
        
            partial remote role. support software roadmap, collect data and provide insight to stakeholders, partner with teams and maintain existing products, and support new product launches. requires ba, 3+ years' experience, and life sciences knowledge.
        
            senior consultant sought for a full-time, partially remote position requiring travel, exceptional interpersonal communication skills, extensive knowledge of life sciences procedures and guidelines. will support sales and pre-sales, make recommendations.
        
            full-time, temporary position. will starting out working remotely. duties include integrating data from diverse sources, automating the generation of datasets, and creating data visualizations. the ideal candidate will have a bachelor's degree.
        
            senior scientist sought for a partially remote position requiring minimal travel, a science or engineering phd, ten+ years' medical imaging experience. will assist clients, develop imaging protocols, prepare statements and manuals, monitor trends.
        
            option for remote opportunity. engage with the customer success and sales team to present company psychology and science to customers and prospects, assist with onboarding new customers and creating candidate profiles. 3+ years of experience is needed.
        
            the qa specialist will implement & oversee qc standards for lab equipment, environmental conditions, personnel, & more. must have a bachelor's degree in biological science. preferred applicants have lab qa & public health experience. partially remote job.
        
            be involved in publication planning and execution for clinical studies and projects; provide clinical science support for european mdr requirements. must have a doctorate degree and 0-3 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the associate director will act as a scientific communications lead, collaborate on content development, & provide team leadership. must have a doctorate in biological sciences & at least four years' exp. in a biotech/pharmaceutical setting. remote role.
        
            full-time, temporary, and remote candidate will process purchase orders utilizing salesforce, complete orders for digital products, and resolve purchase order discrepancies. must have basic knowledge of salesforce and great communication skills.
        
            partially remote, full-time position. duties include generating project plans, developing strong client relationships, advising clients on ways of achieving scientific goals, and leading project execution. master's in a scientific field required.
        
            remote position for an environmental health and safety systems coordinator. will report claims to insurance carrier, manage workers comp claims, audit/verify osha logs, and provide reports, accident data, and training. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            full-time remote position will generate content/provide leadership overseeing content development, coordinate project plans, resources, and play a critical role in managing client/physician satisfaction. must have a ph.d. and five years of exp. 
        
            research associate needed for a full-time, partially remote position requiring a life science or closely related ba/bs, four+ years' relevant experience, extensive knowledge of ich-gcp guidelines and related industry regulations.
        
            remote position will author clinical trial protocols, clinical study reports, perform literature search, provide clinical subject matter expertise, resolve complex situations, and propose improvement initiatives. ba degree required and six years of exp. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will help create ai products, contribute to the company's ip and technology stack, and work on audio synthesis issues. must have experience with audio synthesis and deep learning and experience with neural networks.
        
            the project coordinator of medical affairs will provide primary support to the associate director of the science 37 investigator network in order to aid in the network's global expansion and create project schedules. remote job requiring light travel.
        
            be responsible for authoring method validation reports, protocols and transfers for late stage programs, support commercial and clinical locations and serve in a documentation-centric role. scientific writing skills are req'd. remote contract opportunity.
        
            seeking a transcriptionist for a remote position. candidate will provide verbatim transcripts for clients in a fast turnaround. must have transcription or captioning experience, and complete three hours of audio per week. pays $40/audio hour.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs five years' work related experience and experience implementing data management systems. lead consumer packaged goods and customers in the configuration and implementation of applications, manage projects.
        
            p/t remote researcher needed to confirm facts in each piece of content or to perform original research/reporting on a specific topic. expertise in fact-checking skills, independent research & reporting skills, analytical skills, & attention to detail req.
        
            work with engineers to support full-cycle development of online training programs. conduct quality analysis and reporting. requires extensive technical knowledge, a bs degree, and related experience. full-time, 6-month+ contract with benefits. 
        
            write research reports and analyze genetic data, understand investigation strategies, conduct research and respond to inquiries about genetic testing program. remote role. $60k-$100k/year. requires experience with scientific research and genomics.
        
            working remotely or in the office, manage lobal commercial operations for channel business. lead projects and teams, analyze data, and ensure success. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of channel management or similar experience.
        
            partial remote position will optimize the conversion to sales from qualified opportunities/contacts, project management, product management, research/develop opportunities, and gather data on market trends. ba degree required and one year of experience.
        
            partial remote role will develop and manage projects, manage virtual teams, identify and document project risks, track project status, timelines, and budgets, and write validation plans and reports. hs diploma/ged and 10+ years' exp. required. travel 25%.
        
            senior cra needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work and involves travel. will be responsible for site management and monitoring activities. related bachelor's degree and experience in a similar role required.
        
            serve as the quality expert for assigned car-t programs and make strategic quality decisions throughout the product lifecycle. must have a bachelor's degree and 15 years of pharmaceutical experience. wfh, 20% travel.
        
            general toxicology research technician needed for a part-time opportunity. may involve some evening or weekend hours. responsible for cleaning cages and performing clinical observations of animals. hs diploma or ged and ms office skills required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will prepare executive quarterly and monthly business reviews, perform ad-hoc data analysis for business units and identify and execute opportunities for sales performance improvements. ba/bs degree and 3 years sales exp. req.
        
            remote position will handle clinical point of contact for scientific issues/questions for stakeholders, trial design/endpoint development, and lead the medical monitoring team in performing activities. ba degree required and seven years of experience. 
        
            partially remote position for a devops, dataops engineer. will develop and manage continuous integration and continuous delivery pipelines, manage software deployment, troubleshoot issues, and help manage linux environment. need a bs and five years' exp.
        
            support associate sought for a part-time position responsible for supporting and implementing strategy plans, performing various administrative tasks, answering inquiries, assisting event needs. hs diploma, four+ years' office experience required. 
        
            examine the existing evidence base for determining the global burden of zoonotic pathogens, collating and analyzing available data to inform future burden estimation. must have a master's degree and 1 year of experience in zoonotic diseases. wfh temp.
        
            remote position will evaluate scientific literature, review hazard analysis/other risk documents, review product complaint data, analyze scientific data, and provide clinical input to support claims/statements. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            remote job for candidate who will perform data manipulation, analysis, and reporting of clinical trial data, perform qc/validation programming, generate ad-hoc reports, and validate datasets and analysis. ba/bs degree and 8 years sas programming exp. req.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will update roadmaps, interface with staff, translate requirements and optimize activities. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related development experience required. travel.
        
            responsible for editing and analyzing manuscripts and medical textbooks and developing courses and workshops. must have a ph.d. in a related field with prior experience as a medical/scientific editor. full-time telecommuting role.
        
            analyze and screen high-volume genomic sequencing data. conduct effective research to progress clinical research. requires a phd degree or higher, extensive data management skills, and related experience. work from home full-time.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop ml models, develop and implement algorithms for analysis, and perform data analyses. develop training processes for ml models. bachelor's degree and proficiency in python and linux required. travel.
        
            full-time, remote position. will review documents, execute strategies, provide technical guidance, lead projects and develop best practices. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel after pandemic. needs bachelors degree and eight years' publication experience. grow new customers and reinforce existing ones through a deep portfolio of products and services, foster and strengthen relationships.
        
            drive strategic and tactical marketing activities for the cell biology business unit for all stages of the sales funnel. must have a bachelor's degree and 6+ years' experience in a strategic/tactical marketing role. full-time, remote position.
        
            develop business case frameworks and requests for appropriation, develop project plans, facilitate project team meetings, liaise with the team to coordinate timelines and meet critical milestones. requires a bachelor's degree. us-based remote job. 
        
            remote position will develop a software product, work on programming, system design, code review, design review, unit testing, work on refactoring/bug fixing, and support colleagues. need three years of confirmed experience. 
        
            provide end-to-end sales operations support for the bpg group. duties include engaging with commercial leadership to drive accounting planning and conduct commission cycle data consolidation and offer performance management. remote opportunity.
        
            remote position will drive the implementation/execute of the clinical biomarker, create/manage diagnostic plan, execute contracts, ensure samples are processed, establish data collection, and development plans. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            remote position will identify key leaders, provide technical/clinical insight with applications, develop relationships, act as the internal/external interface for clinical activities, and discuss initiatives. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            cytogenomics clinical laboratory director needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers the option to work remotely. will analyze and report on data. md or phd in a related field required. experience with bioinformatics preferred.
        
            handle the writing of documents containing scientific data relating to several complicated clinical research, provide key messages, ensure compliance of clinical documents and write, review and prepare briefing books. remote.
        
            seeking an seo manager for a full-time, remote role. will oversee the seo and content marketing strategy for the company. must have 5 years of experience in seo and content marketing and a bachelor's degree in math, science, or other quantitative field.
        
            join a growing team responsible for curating, analyzing, interpreting, and reporting clinical genetic data. must have a master's degree and interest in the genetics of cardiovascular, neurological, and/or neuromuscular disorders. full-time, remote.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a hs diploma and three years' customer service experience. provide remote call center services associated with  sgs communications infrastructure and meter deployment services, and schedule appointments for meter changes.
        
            work with product management, stakeholders and the platform architecture team to understand product strategy, lead increment planning, maintain the product backlog, and research and analyze the market. option for remote. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will gather functional requirements, lead workshop preparation, deploy systems, lead customer discussions and provide expertise. must have knowledge of quality operations. travel.
        
            genomic scientist needed for a remote position requiring a phd focused on genetics, exceptional communication skills, and a passion for pediatric disorders. will perform variant interpretations, analyze data, assist projects, and more.
        
            genetic cancer epidemiology post-doctoral research fellow needed for a full-time opportunity. this position may offer option for remote work. will be responsible for working on integrative tumor analyses. phd or an equivalent degree required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will establish pharmaceutics strategies in support of drug development, act as the primary point of contact for outsourcing modeling projects, and communicate pharmacometrics data. phd and 12 years' related exp. req.
        
            research a wide range of medical fields and provide context and goals for a pipeline of algorithm-based medical solutions. must have an md/do and 2 years of scientific writing experience. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            develop, update, and release study information to comply with registration and results posting requirements worldwide. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 plus years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote f/t researcher needed to provide generalized research support across our organization. degree or equivalent experience in a research-related field, analytical skills, english fluency, communication skills, and fact-checking skills required.
        
            work partially from home and perform inferential and/or descriptive data analysis using advanced statistical methods, serve as a subject expert, engage closely with mch programs and create and disseminate data findings. the salary is $24.00 per hour.
        
            review high-volume, outpatient medical records to ensure complete and accurate coding. requires an associate's degree, coding certification, strong technical proficiency, and 3+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time with a flexible schedule. 
        
            remote position creating scientific content, conducting research, performing editing, and meeting deadlines. liaise with clients, own projects, and deliver successful products. must have a scientific degree and relevant experience in the medical space.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will ensure success in designing, building, optimizing, and deploying high-volume, cloud-based solutions and evaluate design proposals where required. bs degree and 10 years' programming experience required.
        
            remote principal scientist needed to support activities associated with method development, validation, and characterization of projects in testing laboratories. b.s. degree in a related field of study and 15 years of relevant experience required. 
        
            clinical research associate needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers remote option and involves travel. bachelor's degree and one year of site-monitoring experience or equivalent education and experience combination required.
        
            full-time, temporary position with the option of remote work. will be responsible for contributing to a covid-19 response mission by performing surveillance reporting, data integration & quality assurance, and working on special projects.
        
            the process engineer will support process optimization, prepare technical reports, & help run systems for future state manufacturing. must have an engineering degree & at least three years' experience in production system support. remote opportunity.
        
            work with teams of scientists to gather, analyze, and report data from clinical studies in genetic testing. requires high-level detail/accuracy, analytical skills, a bachelor's degree, and 7+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time.
        
            part-time position will perform simple-to-complex diagnostic tests/laboratory services, ensure sample suitability/stability, accepts/processes for on-site testing, and ensure quality control. aa degree required and three years of experience.
        
            the regulatory administrator database analyst will be receiving rad processing packages & entering product approval requests into the database. must have a bachelor's degree & proficient microsoft office skills. this is a work-from-home position.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs experience implementing content systems and two years' work related experience.serve as a key project teammate in the rapid configuration and implementation of applications and content manage solution design.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will manage the clinical trial disclosure team, develop and maintain effective policies, and ensure the timely completion of required disclosure activities. must have a bachelor's degree and 12+ years of relevant experience.
        
            partially remote, full-time position. duties include conducting site qualification, monitoring, management, & close-out visits for specified studies, ensuring the quality of submitted data, and handling follow-up & reporting. bachelor's required.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will perform literature review, prepare clinical, and medical documents needed for regulatory submissions and ensure continuous improvements in writing style. ba/bs degree and 4 years' medical writing exp. req.
        
            part-time, remote position. responsibilities include delivering live synchronous sessions, communicating course requirements, participating in monthly data analysis meetings, and providing students with rich & targeted feedback. certification required.
        
            full-time position. remote. will draft reports, collaborate with team, adhere to timelines, resolve issues and provide industry-specific expertise. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required.
        
            partial remote position will lead customers in configuration/implementation of applications, define strategies, business processes, implementation program, provide subject matter expertise, and solution design. ba degree preferred and ten years of exp. 
        
            associate director medical writer lead is needed for a remote role. he/she will write and edit clinical regulatory documents and mentor the clinical staff as needed. master's degree and at least 10 years of related experience required.
        
            work from home and travel within home state, perform site initiation, selection, monitoring and close-out visits, support the creation of a recruitment plan, and oversee progress via tracking regulatory submissions. 
        
            be responsible for leading the processes, standard work, timelines, and success metrics across key service transformation workstreams. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of industry experience and knowledge. wfh.
        
            remote position with some travel for a technical project manager. will lead project design, data analysis and report writing, develop and deliver training, troubleshoot technical issues, and facilitate communication. need a bs and five years of exp.
        
            be responsible for the creation and implementation of go-to-market strategies and plans, collaborate operations, marketing, and sales, remote job requiring domestic travel and manage portfolio structure and market performance daily. remote - travel req'd.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. lead project teams to define and execute overall plans to meet goals, engage internal customs during each project stage, develop resource plans.
        
            ensure timely production of high-quality documents supporting pharmaceutical brands, research activities, and business needs. must have a doctorate degree, cmpp, and experience writing clinical trial publications. wfh freelance.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree  and direct therapeutic area expertise. oversee a portfolio or program of projects, ensure studies are conducted to reflect specific requirements, manage contract and financial aspects.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree, speak and write in english, french and dutch and relevant sales experience.  serve as the primary contact for the portfolio, promote and sell lc-ms instruments and identify requirements.
        
            support or multiple studies with limited scopes and engage with internal/external stakeholders and complete training assigned by the ep and/or client and adhere to established client sops and ep processes. fully remote position. 
        
            remote position will act as a regulatory team member involved in projects, manage day-to-day workload, prepare regulatory documentation, participate with internal/external customers, and prepare submissions.  ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            f/t partial remote consultant needed to analyze, develop, and implement regulatory processes that solve business problems and support business needs. bachelor's degree, 4+ years of direct working experience, and ability to travel 40-70% of the time req.
        
            remote role with travel required. candidate will assess and document current state business processes, oversee client process analysis engagements, and develop end-user training strategies. must have 10+ years of regulatory experience.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs bachelor's degree and experience in oncology, cell and gene therapy or rare disease trials. hunt for new business from potential companies, secure rfps and review rfp detail provided by prospective clients, meet goals.
        
            remote position will work with management on complex problems, frequent direct interactions with surgeons, work with medical writers in the analysis/preparation of manuscripts/presentations, and provide guidance. ph.d. required and ten years of exp.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will collaborate with team, design systems, define strategies and oversee projects. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            remote position writing and editing quality regulatory medical documents of various types. perform research, analyze content, and draw scientific conclusions. must have eight years of pharmaceutical industry experience and a bs or higher.
        
            work on team-based initiatives to optimize the performance of meteorology-tracking software. full-time, remote optional role requiring high-level detail/accuracy, a bachelor's degree, and 2+ yrs' experience. 
        
            full-time, temporary position. will lead process improvement initiatives, review verification reports and schedule shipments. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related pharmaceutical experience required. remote. $30/hr. 
        
            remote position will evaluate existing taxonomies, design/publish taxonomies, capture/refine information structures, refine/grow the governance process, and advocate for the value of information architecture. ba degree required and six years of exp. 
        
            partially remote role for a senior clinical research associate. will complete tasks to set up and monitor a study, complete status reports, prepare/review/maintain documentation and submissions, and manage sponsor queries. need ba/bs and three years' exp.
        
            partial remote position will assist operations team in support member sites, escalate issues, send/review study-specific questionnaires, assist with site selection/recruitment by generating site reports. ba degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            partial remote role will ensure clinical trials are conducted in compliance with worldwide regulations. will manage site and vendor audits, evaluate risk of compliance deficiencies, & manage quality improvement projects. ba/bs degree & 2+ years' exp. req.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will provide input, prepare meetings and assist with initiatives. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            partial remote position will manage center-related aspects of clinical trials, coordinate regulatory documents, manage study site certification, manage the processing of images, and project management. bs degree required. 
        
            the sr. medical writer will be working with international pharmaceutical clients and developing scientific documents. the qualified freelancer must be a cmpp who possesses experience creating clinical trial publications. the position is remote.
        
            work to quantify the unique contributions of biomedical, behavioral, and structural factors on the burden of hiv/aids in children and young adolescents. must have a master's degree and experience in hiv burden estimation methods.
        
            remote position for a veterinary pathologist. will contribute to digital pathology research and development, curate, scan and upload slide images, author study designs, and evaluate computer supervised learning progress. need dvm/vmd and three years' exp.
        
            contract position. will perform reviews, collaborate with team, maintain templates, assist with resource projections and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required.
        
            clinical research associate needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is remote with travel involved. bachelor's degree or equivalent and site management or similar experience required. must be familiar with clinical trial methodology.
        
            responsibilities include leading workstream progress, supporting stakeholder engagement, facilitating monthly division status updates, and aligning work to financial timelines. need a business-related bachelor's degree & 5+ years' experience. 100% remote.
        
            partial wfh job with travel for candidate who will evaluate research concepts to design study protocols, lead development of statistical analysis plans, and assist in development of study documentation. phd and 5 years' exp. designing analysis plans req.
        
            full-time temporary partial remote role will develop and implement technical capabilities, develop analytical control strategies, and build relationships with stakeholders. pay is $42 - $56/hour. ph.d. & prior pharmaceutical industry experience required.
        
            seeking an md to lead an autologous clinical t-cell therapy program. must be board-eligible or board-certified in the field of hematology &/or oncology. drug development or clinical research exp. with phase i-iii studies required. partially remote role.
        
            seeking an experienced candidate for a sr. clinical research scientist role. will support the early development of phase i and ii studies, collaborate on study design, and help with regulatory filings. the position is remote only during the pandemic.

        
            be responsible for ensuring the preparation and management of chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (cmc) regulatory documents. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of relevant cmc experience. remote.
        
            provide administrative assistance for a university, working remotely to start and then on campus. part-time position requires relevant skills. will transcribe minutes, arrange travel, plan events, create documents, and manage calendars.
        
            the sr. manager will oversee an ivd product portfolio, develop product roadmaps & strategies, & collaborate on content solutions. this is a remote job opportunity requiring at least five years' product management experience with a genetic testing focus.
        
            full-time position. will maintain industry knowledge, update templates, conduct analyses, interface with staff and produce solutions. phd and 8+ years' related pharmaceutical experience required. remote.
        
            remote candidate will serve as the scientific project leader for drug discovery projects, help prepare client integrated drug discovery proposals, and monitor project progress. must have five years of drug discovery project leadership experience.
        
            specialist needed for a full-time, remote position requiring a ba/bs, one+ year' relevant medical device industry experience, familiarity with the eu markets, the regulatory process, and current industry requirements and guidelines. 
        
            remote position with some travel for a chromatography applications specialist. will perform remote diagnostics and troubleshooting, provide issue resolution or escalation, and support application workflows. need bachelor's degree and three years of exp. 
        
            partial remote position will lead the development of manuscripts, abstracts/posters, edit/finalize content to journals, research/development, and marketing to achieve publication/communication goals. ba degree required and eight years of experience. 
        
            the strategic program manager will help create a roadmap for commercial digital transformation, execute projects, & lead a global team. must have a degree & at least five years' business, project management, or equivalent exp. remote option available.
        
            remote role with travel req. candidate will work with the global marketing lead to develop focused sales messaging, drive enterprise elas, and oversee the account planning process. must have five plus years of experience in selling strategic solutions. 
        
            manage daily engagement with biopharma partners to deliver quality work, manage customer deliverables and timelines, drive continuous process improvement and serve as a subject matter expert. fully remote position. 
        
            the remote physics teacher will conduct live sessions with high school students, offer feedback to students, & take part in data analysis meetings. the contractor must have indiana teaching certification & at least six months' exp. part-time hours.
        
            work with an international team of engineers to work on flow cytometer projects. design and implement full-stack solutions that solve complex problems. mostly remote role requires some office presence. must have a bs and 8 years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include designing & implementing strategic plans related to forecast & supply, developing & implementing inventory management plans, identifying potential supply chain issues, and developing reports.
        
            be responsible for application development to support strategic growth in the clinical research and toxicology sector. must have a master's degree and 10 years of hands-on lcms experience. wfh with 50% travel.
        
            working from home, advise clients on metabolism, drug transporter, in vitro toxicology services for studies. ba/bs in bioscience, pharmacology, pharmd highly desired; equivalent combo of experience and education considered. travel: conferences, meetings.
        
            f/t partial remote project manager needed for project administration, financial reporting, business development, and team knowledge and training. bachelor's degree, experience in a contract research organization, and ability to travel required.
        
            quality systems senior quality manager needed for a full-time opportunity with some travel involved. this position offers remote work option. will ensure regulatory compliance. bachelor's degree in a related field and five years' experience required.
        
            develop presentations for scientific conferences, manage the manuscript development cycle, create keyword searches, and analyze the results. requires a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience in scientific writing. remote with some travel. 
        
            engage closely with the content team and ensure quality work while assisting with brainstorming ideas. deep expertise and knowledge in biology, familiarity with ncert/cbse curricula and experience in various teaching methods are needed. remote. 
        
            create videos to generate an engaging offer for 9th - 12th grade high school chemistry students in english, determine what content is in need of modification and create and edit new content to improve quality. full-time remote contract position. 
        
            seeking a scientist for a remote position requiring a phd degree focused on genetics, past experience working with variant interpretations, and a passion for hereditary cancer. this position will primarily focus on performing variant interpretations.
        
            remote position will resolve publication ethic cases, prevent reputational damage to journals, develop workflow/policy updates, support staff editors in resolving publication ethic issues, and recruit/train. master's degree required and two years exp. 
        
            work from home and be accountable for offering customer support, assist with the customer experience and serve as a primary contact for processing inbound customer orders and inquiries by chat, email and direct order entry. 
        
            remote, freelance role. $17/hr. provide digital medical scribe services and maintain accurate information, communicate with medical teams, and collect information for patient records. requires attention to detail and computer proficiency. 
        
            seeking a medical scribe for a full-time, remote opportunity. will create comprehensive medical records to optimize doctor time and enable 24/7 care for members. must have excellent typing speed and accuracy. pays $17 per hour. 
        
            freelance, remote role. $17/hr. provide online medical scribe services for healthcare startup, maintain patient files, and ensure information is accurate. requires attention to detail and strong computer proficiency.
        
            remote position will drive the technology behind new primary care experience, and generate medical records to optimize doctor time/enable care of members, need a track record of meeting quotas. 
        
            remote, contract opportunity for a medical scribe. will generate comprehensive medical records and work alongside doctors to deliver primary care services. need to be tech-savvy, reliable, and have excellent written and verbal communication skills. $17/hr
        
            full-time contract remote role. he/she will generate medical records to optimize doctor time. candidate should have a track record of met slas or quotas. pay is $17/hour, experience in healthcare or medicine preferred. 
        
            support projects across software portfolio, understand design requirements and build prototypes, maintain style guidelines, and participate in user research. remote role. requires hs diploma and 10 years' experience with software development & web design.
        
            address research questions related to medical devices using a variety of analytical techniques applied to an expanding array of databases. must have a master's and applied academic research experience with large electronic healthcare databases. wfh.
        
            contract, work from home position. will prepare analysis plans, identify software, maintain relationships, adhere to processes and collaborate with team. master's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. part-time.
        
            full-time temp-to-hire partial remote role will be responsible for implementation of ivd clinical trials. will manage site initiation, monitoring, and close out of research trials. ba/bs degree and 3+ years' monitoring experience required. travel 30%.
        
            part-time, contracted and remote chemistry teacher will conduct live synchronous teaching sessions, provide students with targeted feedback, and partake in monthly data analysis meetings. must have six months of student teaching experience.
        
            develop and deliver the proper eds/global egs to support lcm and npd, deliver clinical projects, lead study design and contribute to clinical scientific discussions. remote full-time position. 
        
            partial remote position will identify/prioritize new client opportunities, develop solution implementation/growth strategies, lead account relationships to drive expansion/renewals, and provide quotations. ba degree required and sales experience. 
        
            contribute ai expertise to the development and optimization of a clinical information platform that aids in cancer diagnosis and treatment plans. requires a phd degree, cs expertise, and a history of published work. work from home full-time.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will create training materials, communicate strategies, track metrics and develop marketing content. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            senior global market development manager for a remote role. he/she will focus on the development and execution of marketing strategies and campaigns for scientific applications. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time partial remote role. candidate will implement operations planning, work to minimize supply chain waste, negotiate clinical supply chain contracts, monitor budgets, and manage staff. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' experience req. travel 40%.
        
            senior-level role writing medical content on clinical evaluations. work remotely with flexible hours to create various clinical plans and reports and support regulatory efforts. must hold a bachelor's degree and have 5 yrs of clinical writing experience.
        
            remote role. develop fulfillment solutions for online grocery platform, manage teams and develop best practices, provide mentoring, and analyze project progress. requires ba and 4+ years' experience and mathematical expertise.
        
            the senior cra will visit clinical sites, review clinical trial performance, monitor regulatory documentation, & resolve issues at sites. must have significant site management or equivalent exp. in the clinical research field. partially remote position.
        
            lead the marketing team through large-scale campaign planning to ensure optimal customer outreach. requires strong business knowledge, a bachelor's degree, and 10+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote role with 15% travel. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will work with cross-functional teams to develop post-market clinical evidence generation strategies and develop and write high-quality post-market clinical follow-up plans. ba/bs degree and 4 years' medical device exp. req.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include serving as the main point of contact for assigned sites, ensuring quality & delivery during study startup, building relationships with site staff & investigators, and resolving or escalating issues.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will oversee research projects and program evaluations, help develop program goals, and compose scientific publications for peer-reviewed journals. must have six years of research experience.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will develop and execute new products by working with category managers, oversee the full product lifecycle, and lead contract negotiations. must have six plus years of product management exp.
        
            remote, full-time position. duties include contributing to project plans, ensuring that documents meet established regulations, reviewing study concepts & editing protocols, and driving the document preparation process. advanced degree preferred.
        
            be responsible for supporting genetic testing solutions activities and specific projects that drive significant value and overall benefit. must have a bachelor's degree and 8 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            partial remote position will marshal internal resources, identify opportunities in workflows, increase customer retention, develop value-added services at customer sites, and support commercialization of services. ba degree required and four years of exp.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include providing software & it integration-related technical support to a field support team, assisting with customer communications & escalations, and reporting on customer feedback. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include providing the full range of psychometric support to customers, conducting research studies, and developing innovative processes & techniques. doctoral degree required.
        
            remote position will execute lead/train on clinical evaluation planning, identify issues, develop/communicate proposed solutions, identify/lead process improvements, provide career coaching, and development. ba degree required and ten years of experience.
        
            remote job for candidate who will coordinate with global teams to streamline patient access into closed studies, prepare high level budget estimates, and be responsible for overall contract management. ba/bs degree and project management exp. req.
        
            manage all facets of the company's pr and blog, manage marketing programs, own the development and segmentation of persona types, and engage directly with customers to collect testimonials. work from home. 
        
            maintain product portfolios and increase user demand for products, define pricing strategy and product roadmap, analyze performance metrics, and maintain knowledge of competitors. partial remote role. requires ba and 4 years' product marketing experience.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include fulfilling psychometric analyses, generating technical reports, facilitating public review meetings, and advising clients on sound measurement practices. doctoral degree required.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will coordinate all aspects of the clinical monitoring and site management processes using good clinical practices, fda guidelines, and local regulations. ba/bs degree req. healthcare exp. preferred. $70k-$80k/year.
        
            optional remote, contract job for candidate who will ensure the scientific information in the company's promotional materials is accurate, truthful, balanced, and scientifically rigorous. phd and 8 years' healthcare exp. req. 10-20% travel. $70-$89/hour.
        
            remote position will provide research/administrative support for projects to identify/support strategies, conduct systematic reviews/gap analyses, assess disease preparedness, and collect/conduct analyses. ba degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            conduct analysis on business intelligence and create digital quality systems that solve problems and meet requirements. must have a bs and 5 years of relevant experience including dashboard development and metric management. remote with some travel.
        
            bioinformatics analyst needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers the option to work remotely. bachelor's degree or higher in a related field, experience shipping code to production environment, and strong coding skills required.
        
            freelance scientist needed for a flexible, temporary job requiring a biology or related ba/bs, one+ year related lab-based experience, and extensive knowledge of scientific lab techniques and processes. will manufacture products, perform purifications.
        
            partial remote position will be responsible for project delivery, serve as key client contact, lead project team, facilitate team's ability to lead extended project team, and serve as escalation point for issues. ba degree required and four years exp. 
        
            remote position. design and execute research and observational studies, identify success strategies for organization, prepare findings for stakeholders, and support clinical practices. requires previous quantitative research experience and sql fluency.
        
            f/t partial-remote clinical trial assistant needed to document management processes involved in the planning, initiation, conduct, tracking, and completion of clinical trials. bachelor's degree and knowledge of ich, gcp, and fda regulations required.
        
            the regional marketing manager will define product launch plans, own marketing plans, and lead the creation and execution of gtm growth strategies. product management or marketing experience in the ivd industry is essential. remote job opportunity.
        
            oversee cross-functional teams for manufacturing activities. assess proposals and lead project teams. solid leadership skills. travel between company sites w/i fl. 4 year degree; desire chemistry or laboratory-related. 5+ years exp.  some home-based work.
        
            seeking a part time instructor to teach students geographic information systems and create a positive student learning environment. conduct student evaluations and provide feedback on performance. requires a master's degree. 
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will monitor performance, interface with staff, analyze information and other tasks as needed. 4+ years' related purchasing experience required. 
        
            remote role. requires 3+ years' experience. respond to customers of scientific research tools, communicate with customers about technical issue and manage support tickets, promote and up-sell products, and maintain records in customer database. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include writing or leading all aspects of the writing of clinical study reports, writing other regulatory submission documents, and managing study timelines. hs diploma & 12 yrs' experience required.
        
            temporary position will define/communicate the clinical supply change strategy, identify/support strategies, influence clinical/development timelines, and review/provide input to draft clinical protocols. ba degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            full-time position. remote option. will lead science projects, implement and test research, collaborate with team and build data model pipelines. master's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            provide regulatory and scientific expertise during the pharmaceutical development process. requires a phd degree with 9+ yrs' exp. or an equivalent combination. full-time, partly home-based, 6-month contract with travel. $80-$100/hr. 
        
            remote position will develop models that drive business action, build predictive analytic models to manage development of marketplace algorithms, pull/prepare data sets, and help standardize data/access. need exp. with business analysis/data science.
        
            leverage your clinical expertise to help drive, guide, and deliver data science products. must have an md, pa, np, rn, or equivalent with product management experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the vp will establish the analytics vision & strategy, create the methodology for data science projects, & manage staff. requires a phd & at least a decade of enterprise support development experience. this remote role requires international travel.
        
            seeking a technical recruiter for a full-time, remote position requiring five+ years' data science or closely related past experience, strong knowledge of sourcing and recruiting, and a familiarity with meeting deadlines.
        
            deliver, maintain, and improve infrastructure for a data science platform and support the development of infrastructure-as-code. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' software or devops engineering experience required. remote during pandemic.
        
            support technical hiring in engineering, data science, data analytics, and technical infrastructure. must have 5+ years of experience filling hard-to-fill technical roles. full-time, remote position.
        
            work-at-home position designing, building, and analyzing master data to support business decisions. handle complex data projects and client expectations. must have 4 years of full lifecycle mdm experience, a bs in computer science, and sql skills.
        
            perform cloud backend engineering in a remote capacity for a data science platform. lead the cloud infrastructure group in building effective products. must have 10 years of relevant experience and strong leadership and communication skills.
        
            responsibilities include reviewing clinical data, participating in team meetings, and maintaining tracking databases. health sciences or related associate's degree and 3+ years of cardiovascular or neurovascular experience is required. remote.
        
            remote job for candidate who will work with engineering and data science to develop and release products and work with customer success to identify customers for beta and rollout product. industry exp. in marketing measurement and ba/bs degree req.
        
            take ownership of key channels for user acquisition, drive strategies and daily performance across scaled campaigns while engaging with data science and engineering to set up experiments. option for remote job.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include developing & delivering analytics & data science projects related to product & marketing goals, developing & maintaining dashboards, & delivering relevant information in appropriate formats.
        
            contribute to product strategy and partner with other engineering teams, data science, product and others to create solutions to address evolving customer needs. must have a bachelor's and 2 years experience as an organizational and people leader. wfh.
        
            full-time remote role will assist with full cycle recruiting for software engineering, data science, and marketing positions. will develop and implement recruiting strategies. ba degree and 5+ years' recruiting experience required.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will develop feature pipelines for real-time data, collaborate with stakeholders, and develop ml metrics. computer science degree, 6+ years' experience, and strong programming skills required.
        
            seeking an analyst for a remote position requiring a computer science or similarly focused bachelor's degree, exceptional communication skills, and an understanding of data model creation. will build and maintain platforms.
        
            the user research product insights manager will be directing research projects while managing and coaching a team. requires at least seven years' data science, user research, or data analytics experience. this can be a work-from-home position.
        
            guide a team in the delivery of trusted metrics as well as actionable insights to optimize marketing performance. must have 10+ years of experience in data/marketing analytics or data science, strategy, consulting, or an equivalent field. wfh.
        
            remote position. will driver overall seo strategy and execution, build/manage seo analyst and content writer team, and work with data science team on reporting and analytics. need eight years of experience.
        
            the field engineer will advise strategic customers, develop integrations to support data science workflows, & train users. must have system architecture experience with cloud & on-prem environments. some travel required. telecommute option available.
        
            seeking a ui/ux candidate for a full-time, remote position at this south florida media company leveraging data science. must have a passion for developing end-to-end solutions with an emphasis on the consumer experience.
        
            senior engineer needed for a flexible position requiring a computer science or related ba/bs, familiarity with computer science techniques and trends, programming knowledge of swift and objective-c. five+ years' programming experience preferred.
        
            engage with the product team and build fraud and risk mitigation features, build effective tools, support data science and integrate third party solutions. good technical skills are required. option for remote; occasional travel is expected.
        
            remote position will communicate strategic/tactical achievements, align data science/analytics to support investment decisions, collaborate to deliver a modern platform, and document business use cases. ba degree required and six years of experience.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs four years' work related experience and experience building cross platform experiences.lead a cross functional team of engineering, design, research, data science and operations, drive product definition and strategy.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs bachelor's degree and seven-ten years' experience in software product management. own the customer experience for multiple stages in the data science flow, understand pain points in customer workflows, develop metrics.
        
            design machine learning systems and manage the platform where solutions will be deployed, scale current machine learning methods, enable data science teams with processes and demonstrate technical skills. remote work will be allowed during covid-19.
        
            work virtually on a full-time basis and lead the product area to enable businesses, lead collaborations between design, engineering, data science and business-facing product teams while understanding how to grow and manage the business.
        
            the research analyst will perform research on simulation modeling, document use cases, and develop whitepapers and reports. must have superior writing skills and strong knowledge of data science tools as well as ai/ml applications and trends. wfh role.
        
            identify, scale, and establish marketing channels, create strategies to engage leads, drive optimization and learning of funnels, pull data for analysis and communicate results. a bachelor's degree in computer science is needed. fully remote job.
        
            develop front-end software in a mostly remote capacity. work with blockchain and financial data to make complexity simple. requires 5 years of web app development experience and a degree in computer science or similar field.
        
            f/t director of strategic partnerships needed to collaborate with product, design, engineering, and data science to generate funnel improvements. bachelor's degree with 5 years of leadership experience in a growth role required. option for remote work.
        
            engineer needed for a full-time, flexible job requiring ten+ years' development experience, strong problem-solving skills, java expertise. computer science or related bachelor's degree a plus. will generate and develop ideas, troubleshoot issues.
        
            part-time, remote opportunity. candidate will design and compose in-depth technical articles and project tutorials, and work with the free content team to define what the free content should be. must have a formal education in computer science.
        
            the home-based sr. consultant will manage model development & workstream delivery, oversee the administrative aspects of project delivery, and create presentations. requires experience in the life sciences as well as in management/consulting positions.
        
            seeking a test engineer for a full-time, remote option position responsible for generating and implementing plans, coordinating programs, verifying data, conducting tests. computer science or related ba/bs, a strong attention to detail.
        
            duties include creating oncology content & developing targeted programs for customers. must have a life sciences or similar degree & targeted content delivery experience in epidemiology or oncology. editorial & b2b writing exp. required. remote position.
        
            learning engineer needed for a remote position requiring a computer science or related bachelor's degree, python expertise, familiarity with amazon, aws, automation, devops, and distributed machine learning tools. will resolve issues, build architecture.
        
            help customers transform their quality management processes with a cloud-based quality suite of applications. must have a bachelor's degree and 10+ years' experience working with life sciences companies in the quality domain. remote w/travel.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and ten years' work related experience. lead life science customers in the rapid configuration and implementation of applications, guide customers, define strategies and resource planning.
        
            remote, full-time job.needs five years' software consulting experience and expertise in the life sciences industry. work to understand the customer needs and assist their understanding of products and capabilities, create custom reports and dashboards.
        
            support a unique group in europe fusing strategy and technology, inside a company at the forefront of digital innovation in life sciences. must have 10 years of management and strategy consulting experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the principal consultant will sell projects, lead teams during project engagements, & help build the customer network. this is a partially remote role with travel. must have exp. in management & strategy consulting as well as health & life sciences.
        
            cloud-based security analyst needed for a remote job responsible for coordinating and analyzing data, monitoring improvements, making recommendations, identifying and troubleshooting issues. computer science or related ba/bs, two+ years' sec exp a must.
        
            developer needed for a full-time, remote position requiring a computer science degree, previous experience with salesforce apex, familiarity with source code control, and agile proficiency. will support solution development, update records.
        
            software engineer needed for a full-time, remote position requiring five+ years' experience in software development, extensive computer science knowledge, dod software and is experience, a relevant ba/bs. top secret clearance preferred.
        
            the principal consultant will lead business development efforts, sell new projects, & lead project engagement teams. must have 10 years' experience in management & strategy consulting. health & life sciences exp. needed. this remote role requires travel.
        
            senior frontend engineer will be responsible for designing, developing and implementing new user features and experiences. javascript and typescript experience is strongly desired. b.s. or m.s. in computer science is a plus. remote option.
        
            software engineer needed for a remote position responsible for writing code, generating and developing design ideas, performing integrations, implementing solutions. computer science or related ba/bs, five+ years' programming experience preferred.
        
            seeking a backend developer for a work-at-home position. design/develop backend systems, write code, and complete api's. bachelor's degree in computer science and strong knowledge of agile methodologies required.
        
            remote role. lead data science and research teams, develop personalized features for music streaming platform, and utilize user feedback to improve products. requires 3 years' project management experience and knowledge of machine learning tools.
        
            remote senior engineer needed to create reliable, scalable, and high-performance apps for android-based systems. 5 years of experience, proficiency in kotlin or java, sound computer science fundamentals, and interpersonal/communication skills required.
        
            software engineer needed for a remote, full-time opportunity. the ideal candidate will have 5+ years of ruby on rails experience, a bachelor's degree or higher in computer science, computer engineering, or related field, and sql experience.
        
            the test prep instructor will deliver educational content and help enable students to solve problems across the sciences. this is a part-time, remote opportunity. instructors must be at least 18 years old.
        
            perform development, maintenance, testing, and debugging activities for software. must have 5 years' information technology/computer science experience or equivalent education and experience. 8-month role with temporary remote work.
        
            remote position for a reimbursement analyst. will review reimbursement data, prepare powerpoint reports, compose alerts, monitor regulatory changes and trends, identify problems, and gather data for customer content. need two years of experience.
        
            the manager will direct medical writing teams and help plan, develop, and approve clinical documents. the option to telecommute is available. must have a life sciences degree and experience authoring clinical regulatory documents and managing projects.
        
            you will manage the bi pipeline, projects, & teams, targeting actionable data insights we can leverage. requires a bachelor's degree & 10+ years' work in business intelligence, reporting, data analytics, sql, aws, bi tools, & leadership. 100% remote.
        
            lead implementation projects for customers, design products and communicate across teams, manage work budgets and timelines, and ensure project success. requires 8+ years' life sciences experience, ability to manage diverse customers, and travel 50-75%,
        
            seeking machine learning engineer to build out and deploy models, establish best practices, and mentor team members. ba/bs degree in computer science, and experience with linear algebra, calculus, and statistics required. remote during the pandemic.
        
            engineer needed for a partially remote position responsible for generating and developing design ideas, conducting tests, troubleshooting and resolving issues. computer science bachelor's degree, three+ years' devops experience required.
        
            partially remote, full-time position. duties include creating & executing business strategies, establishing business relationships, and creating technical & engineering activities. bachelor's degree in computer science or it required; masters' preferred.
        
            the research engineer will identify key research challenges and collaborate on building oracle technologies. a software development background is required. must have a bs degree in computer science or equivalent experience. remote-based position.
        
            partial-remote role creating clinical or science solutions, meeting sponsor needs, and presenting recommendations. analyze issues, mitigate risks, and support implementations. must have a technical degree and experience in the clinical research space.
        
            conduct research on trends and best practices related to the supply chain for life sciences and produce research for clients. must have a bachelor's degree and at least 10 years' supply chain experience and expertise. partial remote position.
        
            lead cloud-native offerings, promote dockerized content/workflows, and develop solutions with the operators. must have kubernetes and cloud-native software engineering experience and a technical or science background. remote options.
        
            f/t partial remote senior software engineer needed to work closely with technology and business colleagues to implement modern apis. bachelor's degree in computer science, 8+ years of software development, and proficiency in agile practices required.
        
            candidate will build and maintain new data pipelines to ingest new data sources and support products and optimize by building tools to monitor data quality. master's degree and three years' data warehousing exp. req. remote job during pandemic.
        
            telecommute position writing medical content for various documents. research, gather, and prepare clinical materials for regulatory submission. must have a bachelor's degree in a health or life sciences area and relevant writing and medical experience.
        
            generate mobile apps and data, brands, agencies and ad tech companies and generate user insights while delivering quality data that will boost campaign roi. must have 5+ years of cloud native experience. remote opportunity.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will develop services to help with lxd scalability, collaborate with distributed team, and design database schemas. bachelor's degree in computer science or stem and experience programming in go required.
        
            serve as the financial aid expert supporting a bachelor of applied computer science program at a college. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of financial aid experience. wfh to start, $90-$100k.
        
            work-at-home position managing technical projects regarding software solution implementations. lead teams, manage requirements, and support project activities. a bs in computer science and 10 years experience required. some travel.
        
            software developer needed for a full-time, remote option position responsible for building website designs, creating prototypes, troubleshooting and resolving issues, monitoring industry trends. computer science or related college degree required.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include helping develop a react/redux front-end application, apis, & javascript sdks and working on data visualization & developer-friendly onboarding. computer science degree preferred.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs four years' data collection and knowledge of clinical trial processes. develop listings to implement data cleaning specifications, identify additional requirements and identify issues and develop programs.
        
            conduct research and write technical projects including journals, abstracts, and other publications. must have 5 years minimum of medical writing experience with a publications focus. an ms in life or health science is required. telecommute option.
        
            coach engineers in the art and science of software engineering and evolvable software architecture. must have a bachelor's degree and leadership experience in consumer-facing internet technology. wfh, flexible hours.
        
            senior associate needed for a remote option job requiring a life sciences associate's degree, ms office proficiency, experience with oncology, multi-tasking ability, strong problem-solving skills, and travel. will manage communications, assist projects.
        
            partial remote role. oversee analyst teams, ensure scalability and probability of products, interpret needs of customers, guide data projects, and support strategic planning for projects. requires project management and data analysis experience.
        
            support the cell and gene therapy solutions leadership team in pursuing business growth. must have a bachelor's degree and 1-3 years healthcare, business analytics or life sciences industry in a client-facing role. wfh with 10-25% travel.
        
            software engineer needed for a remote option position requiring a computer science or similarly focused bachelor's degree, three+ years' development experience with javascript, and exceptional communication skills. will write code, develop designs.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will design highly scalable backend microservices for games, improve infrastructure tools, and execute flexible, scalable solutions. bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering and 4+ years' experience required.
        
            remote-to-start role for a research associate. will help design/plan/implement data collection instruments, conduct technical reviews, quality check data files, conduct analyses, produce summary statics, and write reports. need a ma/ms and relevant exp.
        
            the consultant will manage data analytics projects, prepare solution proposals, work with clients on big data framework adoption, & provide bi & reporting. requirements include a bachelor's degree & three to five years' experience. remote-based position.
        
            solutions consultant needed for a full-time, remote option position requiring ten+ years' relevant experience, computer science or related degree, programming proficiency, and travel ability. will generate solutions, write code, assess client needs.
        
            evaluate high-volume data from business processes and practices to support optimization initiatives. requires saas industry knowledge, analytical & data modeling skills, a ba/bs degree, and 8-10+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional role.
        
            seeking a solutions architect for a partially remote position requiring ten+ years' experience with pre or post sales, a computer science or closely related ba/bs, strong problem-solving skills, extensive travel, and exceptional programming knowledge.
        
            f/t remote business intelligence analyst needed to provide feedback on detailed data analysis to guide data-driven decision-making. 5 years of exp in business intelligence or as a business systems analyst, data analyst/developer, or similar required.
        
            lead a functional team with implementing complicated services and features, write software and mentor and provide career guidance while collaborating with peers. a bachelor's degree in computer science and relevant work experience is needed. remote.
        
            engineer needed for a flexible, remote option position requiring a computer science or similarly focused bachelor's degree, familiarity with ci/cd tools, seo principles, accessibility, front-end development tools, and unit test writing.
        
            remote role with flexible hours. provide interviews and screenings of job candidates, understand business requirements, and ensure candidate has positive experience. requires 5+ years' software engineering experience and understanding of computer science.
        
            remote position will architect, design/implement backend services, come up with new features/products, instrument, test, profile/code review software, and scale software infrastructure. bs degree in computer science required and five years of experience.
        
            remote, temporary job for candidate who will lead and review stm specs, collaborate with cross functional teams on an ongoing basis representing statistical programming, and review data management documents. ba/bs degree and data visualization exp. req.
        
            technical support specialist with outstanding customer service skills will troubleshoot and resolve user hardware and software issues. college degree in computer science or related field. python, sql, c#, javascript knowledge a plus. remote available.
        
            remote lead analyst needed for data exploration, visualization, dashboarding, data analysis, modeling, and collaborating in an agile environment. bachelor's degree with 6+ years in an ecommerce environment & proficiency in sql and data visualization req.
        
            build and deploy solutions to complicated ui challenges, develop typescript/react, and evolve the design system and processes for frontend enablement. a bs in computer science and 5+ years of experience are needed. work flexible hours.
        
            work on artificial intelligence and machine language projects and lead a team. must have an msc or phd in computer science or stem. three years' experience including python and r&d work is required. remote and flexible work options offered.
        
            remote senior software engineer needed to own what you build as you architect, test, and refine the company's product suite. 7+ years of technical experience, experience with event analytics, & practical knowledge of computer science fundamentals req.
        
            solutions architect needed for a full-time, remote option position requiring a computer or science-focused bachelor's degree, two+ years' technical experience, travel ability, strong problem-solving skills. will build solutions, support client needs.
        
            remote option. develop applications and data dashboards, provide product training and staff and volunteers, provide system updates, support data audits, and manage cloud services. requires 3+ years' technology experience and knowledge of php and python.
        
            full-time remote role will architect and implement backend services, collaborate with product team, and develop new features and products. bachelor's degree in computer science and 5+ years' experience building consumer-facing software required.
        
            provide support to federal agencies with decision making using data and technology infrastructure. must have a bachelor's degree and 10+ years' experience at a local, state, tribal, territorial, or federal public health agency. remote options.
        
            senior engineer needed for a full-time, remote option position requiring a computer science or similarly focused ba/bs, sql proficiency, five+ years' software engineering experience, and strong coding skills. will write and verify code, ensure quality.
        
            remote position for an analytics engineer. will design and implement data products and infrastructure, manage data cleaning, profiling and transformation processes, update data catalogue, and produce analytical code. need a ba/bs and relevant experience.
        
            work-at-home position working with various teams and customers providing technical support. resolve issues, analyze problems, provide consultations, and write utilities and tools. a bs in computer science and 5 years of experience are required.
        
            manage product marketing efforts in a remote capacity and on a senior level. support product enablement, ensure quality, and create training programs. must have a bachelor's degree in computer science or similar field plus 10 years of relevant experience.
        
            remote software engineering lead needed to write code and help an engineering team produce a great product that will be a pleasure to use and to evolve. math and science skills, front-end web engineering experience, and software design skills required.
        
            solutions architect needed for remote position with some travel required. role can be full-time or contract. requirements include a bachelor's degree in computer science or related, and strong experience using model-based representations.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include designing & implementing real-time services, working with stakeholders to determine customers' needs, and delivering solutions. bachelor's in computer science or related field required.
        
            software engineer needed for a full-time, remote position requiring eight+ years' related development experience, a computer science or closely related bachelor's degree, and extensive programming knowledge. will assess needs, write code, resolve issues.
        
            developer needed for a full-time, remote position requiring three+ years' similarly focused experience, extensive knowledge of relevant programming languages. computer science or similarly focused ba/bs a plus. will write code, resolve issues.
        
            remote position will calculate the efficiency of updates, offers/in-game events, develop new approaches to collecting data/controlling the integrity of data, run a/b tests, and analyze game economics. ba degree required and one year of experience.
        
            partial remote position will perform applied statistical research/customer analysis of healthcare data, make recommendations about data collection methods, present analytic reports, and deliver solutions. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            the mid backend developer will create code & automated tests & collaborate on engineering solutions. must feel comfortable working with nodejs or other backend languages & have an understanding of computer science fundamentals. freelance, remote role.
        
            remote in pandemic. build software products, implement infrastructure changes, build product automations, and collaborate across teams to resolve technical issues. requires computer science knowledge and programming proficiency.
        
            be in charge of daily general office duties for the animal dairy & veterinary sciences at a university in utah. excellent customer service skills and computer/spreadsheet skills are required. part-time temp job for $11/hour with some remote work.
        
            research scientist needed for a full-time, telecommute job requiring a computer science or related master's degree, research experience, and exceptional communication skills. will generate protocols, assist teams, conduct tech research.
        
            support nis cloud teams in administration functions regarding the cloud integration platform. oversee compliance, repositories, planning, risk mitigation, and delivery. a bachelor of science degree and at least a year of experience are required. remote.
        
            remote job for candidate who will design end-to-end big data platforms, define and lead strategy discussions, and identify, design, and implement process improvements such as automation. bachelor's degree and big data, relational sql, and azure exp. req.
        
            will design networking infrastructure, troubleshoot issues, and implement policies. must have five-plus yrs' experience in the field and a bachelor's degree in computer science. work-from-home option with a flexible schedule and benefits.
        
            the sr. full stack engineer will create web apps & user interfaces, drive solutions for how research data is managed, & resolve technical issues. this temporary job will be remote during covid-19. requires at least 10 years' full stack engineering exp.
        
            remote f/t sign out laboratory director needed to review and sign out clinical cases in cancer, immunological, hematological genetics, and other areas. m.d. or ph.d. in a biological science field and experience in relevant molecular testing required.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will design and code scalable features, collaborate with cross-functional team, and participate in full project life-cycle. bachelor's degree in computer science and 5+ years' engineering experience required.
        
            remote position will be responsible for organizing/managing day-to-day activities that lead to new clinical studies and identify science companies who will likely purchase services to support the purchasing process. ba degree and one-year exp. required.
        
            full-time position. will conduct research, collaborate with team, interpret results, provide clinical input, translate data and interface with technology. md and 2+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            remote position will explain highly technical data/information in styles tailored for specific audiences, ensure grammatical/logic, gather/convert data, trace documentation requirements, and edit narratives. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            will coordinate security efforts, perform upgrades, and maintain user access lists. bachelor's degree in computer science and at least five yrs' exp. in the field required. this is a partially remote position.
        
            seeking an engineering manager for a remote position requiring seven+ years' software development experience, a computer science or related college degree, and three+ years' leadership experience within the engineering industry.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include organizing & analyzing data using sql, managing medical claims & biometrics data acquisition, monitoring data pipelines, and designing, planning, & executing clinical reports. bachelor's required.
        
            generate data-driven reports for marketing campaigns and applications, handle data querying and management, assist clients with understanding information, and actively use excel and sql. work from home opportunity with a pay range of $60,000-$70,000/yr.
        
            the technical writer will conduct research & develop product manuals & guides. this can be a remote role, but occasional trips to the office should be expected. must have at least two years' exp. & a communications, computer science, or english degree.
        
            remote option role. he/she will serve as senior advisor to customers on data skills, translate data learning needs into curricula, and develop gtm strategies. 7+ years' business experience and 4+ years' experience as engineer or data scientist required.
        
            will design/implement data solutions, analyze existing data, and make improvements. bachelor's degree and two-plus yrs' exp. in hadoop/spark development req. contract or full-time opportunity with benefits. partially remote.
        
            the contractor will support drug development projects, create saps & data capture systems, & analyze data. teleworking is permitted. a master's degree or phd in biostatistics or statistics is required; those with the former need three years' experience.
        
            full-time partial remote role for developer who loves to solve client problems via architecture, presentations, and training. bachelor's degree in computer science and 3 years' linux development experience required. python and go skills req. travel 50%.
        
            collaborate with a team of product managers, designers, qa, and other developers to drive mobile projects from beginning to end. must have a strong software engineering background with understanding of computer science fundamentals. wfh.
        
            remote role. provide data analysis and build models and dashboards to support strategic planning efforts, respond to client questions, minimize company risk, and provide insights to stakeholders. requires 1 year experience and programming proficiency.
        
            remote f/t senior .net sitecore developer needed to coordinate and support development activities. bachelor's in computer science, 5+ years professional development experience, sitecore certification, and api web services experience required.
        
            analyze marketing data, build data pipelines and infrastructure design, provide updates to stakeholders, provide forecasts and reporting to teams, and support marketing segmentation and projections. requires ba & 2 years' analytics experience. wfh role.
        
            responsible for interpreting the requirements of various big data analytic, use cases and scenarios, and driving the design and implementation of data models. must have a master's and 6 years of experience in data engineering or software development. wfh.
        
            collaborate with teams to analyze data and build dashboards and visualizations, communicate with leadership teams, understand client requirements, and encourage business development. remote in pandemic. requires ba and 5 years' finance experience.
        
            the front-end engineer will be working on the company's scalable software solutions. at least three years' software engineering exp. is required; a computer science bachelor's degree is desired. a work-at-home policy is in effect during the pandemic.
        
            lead the design and deployment of equity frameworks into patient support, monitor the latest trends and prostate cancer science, develop and execute plans and manage relationships and resources. remote work is allowed during the covid-19 pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will conduct analyses, provide training, assist with forecasting, work on special projects and compile data. bachelor's degree and related experience required. telecommute option.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will build and enhance the profitability data model and infrastructure, serve as the strategic and technical implementation partner, and develop executive materials. 3 years' business trends exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            remote position will ensure governance/data integrity of job descriptions, track consultant skills, client placement requirements, ensure quality of the data, and enforce cross-functional data entry. ba degree preferred and eight years of experience.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a full-stack engineer. will participate in the full lifecycle of projects, design, code, unit tests and maintain codebases, and participate in code review processes. need a computer science degree and three years' exp.
        
            full-time job,  remote option. needs a bachelors' degree and three years' experience in clinical research. provide project oversight and leadership, manage data, delver operational activities such as site management and data review, and ensure compliance.
        
            remote position will align business/data strategy, lead research, strategy creation/development of new data products or services to improve customer experience, identify sources of data, and analyze data progress. ba degree required and ten years of exp.
        
            telecommuting role for a strategy analyst. will gather and analyze data, evaluate business challenges, develop and validate hypotheses, drive recommendations, deliver reports and presentations, and manage data extraction. need ba/bs and three years' exp.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree and ability to ensure accountability. work with growth and strategy team members, analyze raw claims data, conduct a variety of benchmarking analysis, and will extract data from salesforce.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include defining overall program metrics, forecasting long-term utilization, leading collaboration with multiple internal teams to build demand forecast models, and analyzing data. 7+ yrs' experience required.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. role will be part of a team that creates, builds, and operates the programmable cloud-based platform. bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering and 3+ years' experience required.
        
            develop a go-to-market strategy to grow and shape a data company's government technology business. must have 5+ years experience in government sales with 3+ years successful track record selling saas or data. full-time, remote position.
        
            part-time, temporary position. duties include maintaining a file share management system, providing technical expertise & specifications for data submitters, generating analytical reports, and troubleshooting hardware issues. bachelor's preferred.
        
            work with clients to optimize complex software implementations.  some remote. desire ba/bs in finance, computer science, mathematics or related experience. need 3-5 years exper. in technical consulting. travel: up to 80%; mostly in the northeast.
        
            serve as senior storage administrator for a banking institution. perform maintenance, provide technical support, and make improvements. remote and flexible hours offered. requires a bs in computer science and at least 5 years of relevant experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include supporting data management & reporting needs, creating meaningful & accurate analyses, reports, & data visualizations, contributing to process improvements, and troubleshooting & resolving issues.
        
            remote role. requires ba. develop curriculum for summer high-school student program on data literacy and communications topics, construct web pages and online tools, and support students with projects. $36/hr. temporary, part-time position.
        
            senior engineer needed for a remote option position requiring a science or engineering ba/bs, five+ years' development experience, a strong understanding of agile methods, and familiarity conducting tests. will write and verify code, conduct tests.
        
            remote, full-time. build productivity applications and data tools, design product roadmaps, and analyze data security for organization. requires knowledge of programming, html, css, javascript, and strong communication skills.
        
            remote in pandemic. develop curriculum and promote sales of products, collect and analyze marketing data, provide training to teams, and support product development efforts. requires ba, 1+ year product management experience, and chinese fluency.
        
            remote in pandemic. utilize user data to make product recommendations, support feature enhancements, maintain relationship with business contacts, and maintain machine learning systems. requires 4+ years' technical development experience.
        
            partial remote. establish & oversee research strategy, analyze data and ensure adherence to timelines, maintain relationship with stakeholders, and ensure data collection is accurate. requires 10 years' experience, and knowledge of research methods.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs bachelors' degree and expertise with online fraud. deal with vast amounts of data, draw conclusions and product features by finding global correlations and patterns in data, plan and release product updates.
        
            remote qlik developer needed to assist with the analytical reporting needs of the business. bachelor's degree, 3 years of data reporting and analysis experience using qlikview and/or qliksense, & exp in extract, transform, and loading process of data req.
        
            remote role. design software products for cryptocurrency site, gather project requirements and maintain internal documentation, validate designs and prototypes, and support new product implementation. requires ba and knowledge of data engineering.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include managing a team, providing support, guidance, & data classification, documenting, communicating, & executing a data classification strategy, and reporting on implementation & status.
        
            remote position will conduct focused research on the data platforms sector, engage in briefings with key vendors, attend events focused on data, write research reports, and contribute to development of surveys. need five years of experience.
        
            director of it needed for a full-time, remote position requriing a computer science or related ba/bs, exceptional communication skills, strong leadership ability, and ten+ years' it experience. will build and lead teams, generate plans.
        
            seeking a principal engineer for a full-time, flexible, remote position requiring a computer science or related college degree, sql proficiency, experience working with production application development and automated testing. will assist development.
        
            own all development phases, collaborate with engineering, improve upon drivers/orms and sdks and engage with marketing, sales and the developer community to identify opportunities for partnership. a computer science degree is req'd. remote option.
        
            work partially from home and engage closely with regionally aligned account teams, unlock potential streams of business value, and prepare strategic business requirements. 12+ years of experience and a ba/bs degree in computer science are needed.
        
            a senior analyst is needed to drive data reporting, develop product recommendations, and automate reports. must have a college degree in the field and five-plus yrs' exp. in data analysis. flexible hours and excellent benefits.
        
            content strategist is needed for a remote contract role. he/she will use internal data and market research to determine which it courses need to be created. must possess excellent communication skills. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            create strategies, analyze data, develop metrics, and support missions. must have at least 4 years of product management experience. strong data analysis and hypothesis testing abilities are needed. must have a bachelor's degree or higher. remote option.
        
            full-time role with flexible schedule will help onboard customers, allocate resources, remove roadblocks, ensure retention, drive sales growth, and develop and implement best practices. degree in computer science and 4+ years' relevant experience req.
        
            virtual role. manage marketing programs, drive membership and customer growth, generate ideas for new content, support business decision-making, and build data reporting tools. requires ba, sql proficiency, and 1 year data analyst experience.
        
            remote position will source for candidates for different teams, set sourcing action plans, create content/outreach messaging, maintain data integrity, and improve sourcing efficiency/candidate engagement. ba degree required and two years of experience.
        
            work from any location and be responsible for providing services that retrieve, store and manage customer data, handle transaction scheduling and design and deliver features while collaborating with developers. must be proficient in scala.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will assess customer data management needs, understand clinical trial protocol requirements, train customers and clinical sites, and configure the study design. travel up to 50%. 4+ years' relevant experience req.
        
            requires a computer science or similarly focused ba/bs, one+ year relevant  development experience, and exceptional communication skills. will generate and develop design ideas for features, write code, identify and troubleshoot issues. currently remote.
        
            telecommuting opportunity for a senior machine learning engineer. will design data infrastructures, deploy machine learning solutions, write production code, conduct code reviews, and create/execute testing strategies. need a ba/bs and five years' exp.
        
            perform full stack software engineering to support customers with data. conduct analysis, collaborate with teams, and support feature development. must have relevant experience and strong analytical and communication skills.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will develop clean, scalable code and web-based user interfaces and reporting dashboards. front-end development experience required. computer science degree and 8+ years' relevant work experience required.
        
            remote position will own feature development for third-party data sources from design, look for opportunities to acquire new data, provide technical leadership on architecture, and develop product concepts. bs degree preferred and three years of exp.
        
            the manager will oversee the customer insights community, execute marketing research projects, & help provide insights based on data. this is a wfh position with occasional travel. candidates need a related bachelor's degree & at least four years' exp.
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop and implement marketing operations strategy, ensure marketing data is being collected, and manage analytics and team dashboards to measure marketing effectiveness. ba/bs degree and 5 years' marketing exp. req.
        
            partially remote role for a director, product analytics. will analyze data, identify patterns/opportunities, surface insights, inform content development/programming strategies, and develop models/data visualizations. need a ba/bs and 10 years of exp.
        
            f/t remote software engineer needed to develop software solutions from the specifications. bachelor's degree in computer science or related field and 5 years of hands-on technical experience with microsoft stack tools required. possible 10% travel.
        
            remote biostatistician is needed for a remote opportunity. candidate will provide technical review, advice, and expertise in statistical and data management methods and techniques. ms degree and prior related experience required.
        
            telecommute role managing cxs portfolio programs and projects. manage schedules, lead teams, and improve processes and tools. must have a bachelor of science degree and 10 yrs of experience. pmp, csm, or similar professional certification is also needed.
        
            the company needs remote developers who have strong knowledge of unity3d. having a computer science degree is a plus. duties include writing code, implementing mobile solutions to improve apps, ensuring app performance, and resolving bugs.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include assisting product owners in defining the roadmap for a specific business area, defining & owning metrics, and leveraging data to generate insights related to customer experience. bachelor's required.
        
            qa engineer needed for a mostly remote job responsible for generating and implementing plans, coordinating activities, writing scripts, monitoring and ensuring quality, troubleshooting and resolving issues. computer science bachelor's degree a must.
        
            remote f/t senior manager of non-financial risk oversight needed for independent oversight of the enterprise data management non-financial risks. 5+ years exp working with enterprise data architecture and exp working with foundational data systems req.
        
            partial remote position will analyze customer complaints, examine the data for patterns/trends, investigate identified trends, document trend action, provide input, and communicate product performance. bs degree required and nine years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include working as part of a team leading a data-driven performance marketing function, running experiments, building dashboards, improving overall marketing effectiveness, and providing analytics.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will recruit, hire, and manage security staff and develop world class security programs. bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering and 7+ years' information security experience required.
        
            help build the foundation of our cloud-native microservices architecture orchestrated by kubernetes. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience with large-scale distributed systems and streaming data platforms. wfh/
        
            partial remote role. oversee marketing strategy and update existing content, create promotional materials including case studies and presentations, and refine brand messaging. requires 3 years' marketing experience & 1 year in banking or data analysis.
        
            design software solutions and cloud products for organization, maintain internal documentation, support data warehouse projects, and maintain compliance with data security needs. remote role. requires ba and familiarity with cloud products.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will manage the strategy for the overall global and regional clinical development programs of assigned products, assess safety data, and interpret results of clinical trials. must have 5-10 years of clinical research exp.
        
            remote position will own vision, roadmaps/execution of how members engage with products, support strategies in motivating change, create user stories, product requirements, and product data analysis. ba degree required and three years of experience.
        
            temporary position will identify required resources, research project data/procedures, generate/analyze statistical data reports, develop/manage the project plan through completion, and resolve issues. ba degree required and seven years of experience.
        
            full-time, partially telecommute position. will analyze data, interface with staff, develop designs, identify opportunities and provide industry expertise. bachelor's degree and related experience required.
        
            establish dicomweb/fhir connectivity to it systems, become an expert in dicom/hl7/svs data formats, and build production-quality pipelines. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience with ehr systems. wfh.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop data products on platform services, develop and maintain micro-services that provide the foundation for the platform data, and work in a serverless environment. must have 4-5 years of product development exp.
        
            full-time  job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and five-seven years application development experience. take part in analysis, design and erl development, understand data mapping and data modeling methodologies, perform technical tasks.
        
            own and lead the delivery of projects relating to data-driven consulting, analyze customer, operational and financial data and advise clients on driving customer centric. 6+ years of managing consulting is needed. full-time remote job.
        
            analyze data and trends, participate indirectly/directly on global and regional compliant vigilance initiatives and project teams to consolidate, develop and improve vigilance and interfacing processes. temporary full-time position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will maintain updates, gather data, interface with staff, develop opportunities and assist with special projects. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include owning the development & management of a data & analytics portfolio, defining & communicating data & analytics priorities & roadmap, and defining, authoring, & tracking features.
        
            remote f/t product manager will understand, articulate, and evangelize the need of our biopharma partners and collaborate on the strategy and vision for the product. 3+ years working on data and analytics platforms that deliver real-world evidence req.
        
            remote f/t business intelligence analyst needed to serve as the reporting expert for the applications they support. bachelor's degree required. a foundational understanding of relational data models or application toolset foundations is preferred.
        
            full-time job, remote option. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and five-seven years' experience in data analytics. perform management responsibilities such as coaching and development, and will inform decision making related to all marketing channels.
        
            candidate will perform data analysis, work to reconcile and onboard new clients, troubleshoot complex issues, and collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to deliver new product features. 2 years' data analytics exp. req. remote job during pandemic.
        
            design, build and support scalable infrastructure, participate in all phases of development, test code derived from end-to-end and unit tests and ship the code in weekly sprints. a ba/bs degree in computer science is required. full-time remote position.
        
            remote position will monitor key metrics/generate reports, contribute to improved performance of activations, analyze data, and lead forecasting analyses for both patient/physician campaigns. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include defining annual price optimization initiatives, analyzing & synthesizing data, and developing pricing & packaging recommendations. bachelor's degree required; mba preferred.
        
            oversee complex clinical trial studies, gather/define project requirements, and lead project implementations and product configurations. must have a bachelor's degree and clinical trial data management experience. full-time with remote options.
        
            remote f/t application architect will be responsible for the technical architecture & oversight of full stack open source components. bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent, 10 yrs in software engineering, & 5 yrs as technical lead required.
        
            seeking candidate with extensive knowledge of apache jmeter for java performance engineer role analyzing queries and logs, collecting result data, monitoring jvms, and performing testing of java-based rest apis. degree required. contract position.
        
            join a team and lead the development of data services, products and tools in scala, python and java, assist with scaling and providing service on data infrastructure, and design customer-facing apis and operate production services. work at home.
        
            remote job for candidate who will partner with hiring managers and the leadership team to understand talent needs, build phenomenal pipelines of diverse talent,  and help ensure recruiting data integrity. five years' recruitment experience required.
        
            facilitate the design, structure and implementation of experiments to test and inform hypotheses using customer behavioral data, and support data-driven insights. strategic thinking skills are required along with 3+ years of relevant work experience.
        
            f/t senior software engineer needed to interpret the requirements of various big data analytic, use cases, and scenarios while driving the design and implementation of data models. master's degree & 6-10 years of experience req. remote during pandemic.
        
            join a product development team and develop software in short iterations, build apis, ensure high availability data pipelines and contribute to developing test automation. remote option.
        
            full-time, temporarily remote role. candidate will handle the daily traffic acquisition operations across various marketing channels, report on business unit metrics, and validate data integrity. must have 2-3+ years of data analysis experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will work with stakeholders to produce impactful insights from the complex data environment, extract insights on the behavior of customers acquired, and identify opportunities for optimization. must have 4+ years of experience.
        
            100% remote strategic analytics director needed to enable informed decisions, identify risks and opportunities, and achieve financial and strategic objectives. bachelor's degree in a related field and 7+ years experience in data analytics required.
        
            the database administrator will be validating data, conducting database & system testing, & answering billing questions. the position can be remote during the pandemic. requires at least two to four years' exp. with data manipulation & database queries.
        
            contribute to machine learning development, scale products and develop data pipeline, contribute to implementation efforts, and write unit tests. remote role. requires 3+ years' software development experience and strong understanding of machine learning.
        
            remote position will provide leadership/guidance on the process, ensure information/data is accurate, develop testing strategies, coordinate/monitor testing with external research labs, and conduct assessments. ms degree required and three years of exp.
        
            remote f/t technology content strategist will use internal and market research to identify promising areas in which the company should create content related to it and development. 3+ yrs of industry experience & 2+ yrs of data analysis/research exp req.
        
            support ad-hoc analytics, create financial forecasts, design and run complicated data programs, perform quantitative analysis of financial, actuarial and costs data, and develop meaningful analytics that will support the business and more. remote.
        
            backend software engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will build and optimize systems that serve the flight data apis to customers in the industry. must produce high-quality and well-tested code. prior related experience is required.
        
            will lead a team, create activities, develop instructional graphics, and create content. bachelor's degree in computer science and excellent communication skills required. full-time, work-from-home opportunity with benefits.
        
            digital marketing analyst is needed for a remote role. the candidate will analyze data from multiple sources across all digital marketing programs. must possess strong analytical skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time, temporary position lasting 6 months. 100% remote. responsibilities include maintaining & enhancing an existing codebase, collaborating with product, design, revenue, data, & content teams, and architecting & implementing code & processes.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. flexible schedule. he/she will develop and maintain scalable systems. bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering and 3+ years' full-stack software engineering experience required. travel 25%.
        
            seo research analyst is needed for a remote role. he/she will dig through publicly available data sets to unearth original stories. must be familiar with seo best practices. at least 3 years' related experience is required.
        
            support the development of study protocols including participation in study design discussions and sample size calculations, and review crfs and data review guidelines. must have a master's degree and 8 years of experience in clinical trials. wfh.
        
            responsible for ad development, performance analysis of campaigns, copywriting, copyediting, and communication with stakeholders. experience with marketplace bidding, kpis, and complex data manipulation in excel. remote during the pandemic.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and one-three years' experience in bi role. ask and answer insightful questions quantitatively, serve as a liaison between data and supply chain analytics, create, automate and maintain reporting.
        
            provide advice to clients regarding google analytics, google tag manager, and data studio and translate solutions for all audiences. it's desired to have a bachelor's degree and 1+ years' html and javascript coding experience. remote options.
        
            collect, analyze, and manage quantitative data and create meaningful analyses to lead business improvement and cost optimization of a portfolio of delivery stations. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience in finance. wfh contract.
        
            contract job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and eight years' work related experience. analyze business processes to identify key data requirements, provide expert advice and guidance relating to data usage in the business context.
        
            senior business intelligence developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is remote with some travel involved. will be responsible for performing data exploration and unit testing. bachelor's degree and five years' experience required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will support a rapidly growing team of engineers by automating operational tasks, continuously improve the build and data pipeline system, and manage company infrastructure. experience managing kubernetes clusters required.
        
            will integrate data, develop strategies, translate reporting, and provide support to clients. bachelor's degree and one to three yrs' experience in sql required. full-time, work-at-home position with benefits.
        
            the sr. devops engineer will create scalable architectures, run aws infrastructure, build a ci/cd pipeline, upgrade systems, & respond to incidents. must have five to 10 years' experience & a computer science degree or comparable knowledge. remote job.
        
            full-time position. remote. will analyze data, collaborate with team, make recommendations, establish development plans and execute strategies. bachelor's degree and 7+ years' related experience required.
        
            assist with the consumption of financial data, participate in the development of product areas, attend development syncs and review every software development stage. option for remote job with occasional travel.
        
            you will collaborate with product owner & development teams to create solutions. requires an undergraduate degree, 7+ years' experience in development team leadership, agile software production, data systems, & front-end development. remote work option.
        
            remote job for candidate who will be responsible for activities including tracking and maintaining online, classroom, instructor, and provider approvals, course offerings, and systems maintenance. associate's degree and 1-3 years' data entry exp. req.
        
            develop product strategy and roadmap, collaborate with teams to analyze customer data, and communicate with stakeholders about business needs. requires ba, 4+ years' product management experience, and data analysis skills.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will analyze inventory activity, prepare journal entries, gather data and conduct inventory counts. associate's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            remote position will analyze customer journey/recommend optimization strategies, manage a team of analytic resources, leverage data to identify ways to grove revenue/conversion, and build dashboards. bs degree required and three years of experience.
        
            perform large-scale evaluation of company financial practices. provide valuable insights for planning & process optimization. requires extensive data-management knowledge with 8+ yrs' exp. a ba/bs degree is desired. full-time, remote optional role.
        
            seeking a software engineer for a flexible, currently remote job requiring seven+ years' experience working with full-stack software development, a strong understanding of etl tools, cloud-based native technology solutions, and a computer science ba/bs.
        
            full-time position with remote work and travel. will gather data, calibrate instruments, submit weekly reports, maintain stocks and provide technical support. master's degree and related experience required.
        
            temporary, partially remote, contract position for a senior software engineer. will develop microservices, help implement solutions, write code, assess application performance, and implement data structures and algorithms. need ba/bs and eight years' exp.
        
            full-time remote role will manage study operational plan, develop global strategy, oversee timeline and budget, manage resources, and manage execution of study data management plan. bs degree and 5+ years' clinical project management experience required.
        
            full-time partial remote role will analyze and deliver recommendations, optimize product analytics roadmap, and understand business drivers and performance trends. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' data analytics experience required.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will conduct evaluations, manage communications, interface with team, monitor effectiveness and utilize data. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required.
        
            lead, build, and manage a team responsible for the execution, quality assurance, and management of an entity matching workstream. must have 2-3+ years of experience working in data collection or management teams. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            lead actuary is needed for a remote position. he/she will drive innovation in product design, data-driven underwriting, and streamlined processes to offer best-in-class product offerings. at least 7 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will design artifacts, provide mentorship, gather data, execute programs and other tasks as needed. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            f/t remote business intelligence analyst needed to work with teams and various levels of management to collaborate on reporting and analytics projects. exp in business intelligence or as a business analyst, data analyst/developer, or similar required.
        
            the bi engineer will build models for sales & revenue projections, automate retail reporting, own data warehouses, & perform database administration. those with a related ba/bs need at least four years' similar experience. this is temporarily a wfh role.
        
            remote position will communicate data, support the lead writer, responsible for certain tactics, and brainstorm/collaborate with other team members. need two years in hcp marketing/advertising, and digital/print experience.
        
            temporary, remote job for candidate who will write articles and how-to guidance that makes it easy for customers to get started with products and study content data and customer feedback. five years' documentation exp. and ba/bs degree req. $38-$44/hr.
        
            candidate will analyze data, create dashboards, conduct qa, provide actionable reporting, use 3rd party data visualization tools, and implement custom marketing dashboard concepts. ba/bs degree and 2 years' google analytics exp. req. temporary job.
        
            full-time, temporary, and partially remote role. candidate will perform a light-level of data transformation using power query, partake in stakeholder meetings, and provide analytical insights to the client services team. must have 3+ years of exp.
        
            work from home and develop data centric-solutions, work on open-source projects and build internal products. must be skilled in python, ruby on rails, javascript and aws. pays $40,000 and $60,000 per year.
        
            remote position will write code that powers the knowledge platform for data-driven companies, write optimized back end code, and write robust code/build out a test suite for the product. need experience in node/javascript, and working with mongodb.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' experience developing data applications/web sites. develop technical and domain expertise, solve product challenges, create clear and concise documentation for work, manage priorities.
        
            be responsible for the overall quality of the shopping mobile app, website, data, system, and service. must have 7+ years of sdet experience showing a continuous progression. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' monitoring experience. serve as the primary point of contact, perform site development and training, problem solve identified issues, and perform source data verification.
        
            remote position for a digital product manager. will help develop product requirements and kpis, maintain product backlog, determine priorities, analyze data, execute tests, identify new opportunities, and provide status updates. need five years of exp.
        
            remote role. create campaigns and analyze performance data for content insight, create custom reporting for clients, present findings to external audiences, and support audience targeting. requires online advertising and paid social media experience.
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop and maintain backend infrastructure, develop solutions to support managing  and analyzing data, and perform technical leadership of software design. ba/bs degree and 5-10 years' software engineering exp. req.
        
            develop machine learning components for new enterprise-level solutions. conduct testing, api analysis, and troubleshooting. a bachelor's degree, python knowledge, and data-management skills are desired. full-time, remote-optional role with benefits.
        
            responsible for stem-related marketing across influencer platforms as well as asset organization, market research, prospecting, and success metrics management. requires similar previous experience + project management & data analysis. remote option in ca.
        
            virtual role. support business growth and oversee compensation program, support hiring decisions and organizational planning, participate in annual reviews, and maintain data integrity and hr metrics. requires ba and 3+ compensation years' experience.
        
            perform full-stack software engineering to create dashboards, tools, and websites. extract data, deploy apps, and work with ai. must have a bs degree and relevant experience including python, html, css, and javascript. flexible and remote work options.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include working with customer payroll data, refining customer requirements, setting client expectations for milestones, testing calculations, reports, & system configurations, and troubleshooting issues.
        
            seeking php developers for remote positions. will be managing data interchange between the server & users. must have knowledge of php web frameworks & object-oriented php programming. at least three years' software development experience is required.
        
            help make data easy at global scale by integrating distributed databases and the cloud with a beautiful user experience. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            partial remote position will handle production scheduling, tracking/resource management, customer interaction, manage/interact with multiple operations/systems teams, and quantitative analysis of data. bs degree required and five years of experience.
        
            remote position will manage administration, periodic review/calibration to the capital markets of models, generate/analyze pipeline management, analyze data sources, and map elements for reporting. ba degree required and two years of experience.
        
            remote position will drive executive-level conversations during the sales process, leverage data to quantify the strategic value, identify relevant metrics, conduct studies, and coach sales teams. mba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            the associate director will oversee the technical project management function, recruit & lead a team, & support the delivery of data services initiatives. eight or more years' technical project management experience is essential. remote position.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will provide insights, incorporate data sources, analyze results, make recommendations and identify trends. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            work cross-functionally to steer the direction of new products in data management and integration. requires sap/aws proficiency, a bachelor's degree, and 10+ years' experience. full-time, partly remote-optional position with some travel.
        
            seeking a senior content marketer for a position with the option for remote work. will conceive and create data-driven stories, perform analysis, write and field surveys, create visuals, research and test link building tactics. need three years of exp.
        
            full-time, temporary position. responsibilities include planning & writing content for web & mobile experiences, coordinating content with internal teams to ensure consistency, and utilizing data & research to evaluate content's impact.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include working with customer payroll data, testing calculations, reports, & system configurations, troubleshooting issues, and setting client expectations for various milestones. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will test calculations and system configurations, interface with customer payroll data, and set client expectations of dates for different milestones. must be familiar with general ledger accounting principles.
        
            candidate will develop highly scalable, cloud native architectures for large data pipelines and overhaul the build and deployment pipeline to utilize open source platforms. seven years' devops exp. and five years' linux/unix exp. req. flexible schedule.
        
            telecommute role leading software engineering activities and a team in building scaled tech platforms with large data. a bachelor's degree or greater and 5 years of experience are required. python, docker, aws, and other tech proficiency is needed.
        
            full-time position. will leverage data analysis skills, manage products, assist with ideation process and conduct research. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. flexible schedule.
        
            software engineering manager will be responsible for developing and leading a team of engineers and creating improved and more functional products and tools. data mining and sql experience is a must. remote role.
        
            remote job for candidate who will partner with operations leaders to develop and maintain a suite of business intelligence dashboards and interpret performance data to help identify root causes. five to ten years' operations and analytics exp. req.
        
            telecommute role managing k-12 educational partnerships for a region. oversee the full customer lifecycle from engagement through launch and renewal. track progress, analyze data, and lead licensing. must have a degree, experience, and ability to travel.
        
            remote position will define/own the pricing roadmap, generate data analysis, consumer insights to identify pricing levers, define/analyze key metrics, prioritize/deliver solutions, and communicate plans. ba degree required and four years of experience.
        
            seeking a senior associate-us revenue operations, with a ba and 2 yrs experience in government pricing and model n to join our team. will analyze, calculate, document and submit pricing data in state and federal government programs. option for remote.
        
            prepare financial forecasts and related documentation, analyze data and understand trends and industry updates, prepare information for weekly meetings, and respond to clients about supply chain questions. requires ba and strong excel skills. remote role.
        
            execute mid-level general ledger account reconciliations, reporting, and data verification enabling senior staff to analyze and make financial decisions. must have a bachelor's degree and 1-2 years of professional accounting experience. wfh to start.
        
            full-time position. will complete surveys, pull data, define processes, participate in discussions, perform analyses and work with team. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. telecommute. flexible schedule.
        
            work on the design, development, and utilization of productivity enhancement layout tools and design rule checkers, electronic data processing systems software. must have a bachelor's degree and 4 years of experience. contract is remote to start.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include leading & building a world-class function to generate people insights that drive business outcomes, using people-related data to identify opportunities, and building partnerships across various functions.
        
            uncover business insights through exploratory research and analysis, and carry the ideas all the way through to production-grade statistical or predictive models. experience with data analysis/statistical software and packages required. full-time, remote.
        
            maintain the daily operations of a 40+ person team and create data-driven solutions to improve csat, sla, and nps. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of customer service experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote opportunity for a project manager and business analyst. will drive successful data management solution projects, plan and drive project team, help develop proposals, and lead full delivery lifecycle of projects. need a ba/bs and six years' exp.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include building cutting-edge features to assist with content marketing, writing specs & rolling out features, and conducting user & data-driven research. 3+ yrs' product management experience required.
        
            responsible for assisting with the consumption of financial data for the company's system for financial reporting. must have 3-5 years' experience building and shipping high-quality automated workflows and a degree in a related field. partial remote role.
        
            lead the collection, evaluation, and reporting of performance data to optimize products and practices. requires strong database/sql knowledge and 3+ yrs' exp. a bachelor's degree is preferred. work from home full-time with benefits.
        
            part-time, partially remote opportunity. responsibilities include facilitating in-studio workshop experiences, sharing content in an in-person workshop environment, facilitating member-to-member interactions, and reviewing data & insights.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include preparing, documenting, tracking, & reporting on student data, providing appropriate advising, and providing appropriate resource referrals. bachelor's or equivalent experience & education requried.
        
            partner with the vp of capital markets and the head of exchange to use data and insights to inform key strategic decisions. must have 4-7+ years of experience working in traditional financial services, fintech, and/or crypto businesses. wfh.
        
            remote work option. support data pipeline and maintain back-end applications, understand user requirements, and collaborate across teams on troubleshooting topics. requires 5 years' application development experience and knowledge of postgresql.
        
            remote position will design/modify clinical databases, tools/programs for data validation checks, clinical trial reporting, and lead cross-functional teams in the design/delivery of functional modules. ba degree required and four years of experience.
        
            remote position. develop back and front-end applications, respond to system failures and software issues, maintain accurate documentation, and analyze performance data. requires 4+ years' software engineering experience and programming proficiency.
        
            partial remote positioin will collaborate on requirements for manipulating data to support key features for catalogs, support for display/searching features, and write detailed technical database specifications. master's degree required and two years exp.
        
            partial remote position will be responsible for providing technical expertise to make customers successful, reinvent the data platform, build demos/execute proofs-of-concept, and provide consultative assistance. ba degree required and nine years of exp.
        
            contracted, remote candidate will be the point of contact for various internal review processes, structure talent assessment data for analysis, and oversee deliverables. must have three to five years of experience in project management.
        
            remote role for a senior product analyst. will design/build self-service dashboards, conduct data analysis, help identify experimentation opportunities, and assist with new features, products, experiments, and initiatives. need ba/bs and four years' exp.
        
            full-time, flexible schedule.needs experience in operations and one years' hands on experience with programmatic metrics. act as the main point of contact for programmatic analytics, develop source data, pull trends, and will monitor revenue performance.
        
            seeking remote full-time statistical programmer to provide programming support and help set specifications of analysis data sets. must have 2-3 yeas of programming experience. having advanced knowledge of sas is required.
        
            remote position. build applications and software features, maintain back-end products, review code across teams, and analyze performance and user data. requires 3+ years' ios development experience and fluency in programming languages.
        
            talent acquisition operations associate is needed for a remote role. he/she will help solve hiring challenges through the system, data, and process-driven solutions. must possess effective communication skills. prior related experience is required.
        
            responsible for collaboration with internal stakeholders and vendors and strategic project implementation recommendations. requires 3 years' project management, customer service, auditing, and data analysis experience plus a bachelor's degree. remote.
        
            remote position for a study manager. will assist with the operations of a clinical study which may include planning and tracking supplies, specimen tracking, reconciling data, status reports, and closeout activities. need a bs/bs and two years of exp.
        
            be directly responsible for driving cost, schedule, and quality while managing construction vendors and contractors building data centers. must have a bachelor's degree and 7+ years of experience in construction management. some wfh.
        
            full-time position. telecommute. will interview job candidates, provide feedback and meet business needs. 5+ years' related hands-on coding experience required. data structure knowledge needed. flexible schedule.
        
            build a custom script in sql and python and handle integrations and edge cases, analyze data from the company software, and design and execute test scenarios and scripts. a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience is needed. remote position.
        
            partial remote position will engage customers during onboarding process, advise on successful implementation of use cases, discover/implement new use cases/data sources, and participate in customer forums. bs degree preferred and experience.
        
            diagnose data virtualization customer problems quickly, and work closely with the software engineering team to schedule code fixes in the field. must have a bachelor's and 2+ years' experience working as a dba or application developer. wfh.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs five years' industry experience and experience working with databases. play a key role in developing our user facing analytics portal, deployment and commissioning tools, data management tools and monitoring systems.
        
            partner with a team of engineers, designers, data scientists, and field operations to build and scale hosting tools across segments. must have 10+ years of product management experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t digital marketing analyst needed to use audience data to monitor consumer behavior & conduct analysis of digital efforts' effectiveness. bachelor's & 2-5 yrs in digital analytics, marketing analytics, or customer analytics req. remote during pandemic.
        
            work remotely to gather social media data and generate sales leads. create schedules, curate content, engage on various platforms, and give presentations. good negotiation skills and the ability to explain technical concepts are required. some travel.
        
            machine language engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexible hours. will create ways to collect large data sets and write code. four years of experience required. bachelor's degree in a related field preferred.
        
            remote job for candidate who will serve as a java developer. candidate should be an enterprise distributed systems developer with three years' experience in java, big data, hadoop, relational databases, sql, or no databases and a bachelor's degree.
        
            ruby developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexibility in schedule. will be responsible for transforming data into legacy formats. three years of ruby and rails experience and experience with postgresql required.
        
            be accountable for assisting with scaling the company's paid and ppc social marketing channels. a bachelor's degree, excellent quantitative and analytical skills along with experience using metrics and data to test theories is needed. remote job.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a senior digital marketing analyst. will extract and analyze data, monitor and optimize sale performance, identify opportunities and risks, and present reports and recommendations. need a ba/bs and five years' exp.
        
            be responsible for delivering cloud-related projects to customers. a bachelor's degree, pmp or agile certification, and experience leading cloud migration projects, dev ops transformations or big data projects are preferred. wfh.
        
            work from home and provide status updates, handle administrative data and maintain project milestones, ensure deliverables are timely, on budget, and of high quality, and provide internal customer-facing communications and processes.
        
            remote position will analyze data, find root causes, develop prototypes, forecast performance, write scripts, make recommendations, develop actionable recommendations, define metrics, and map business processes. need five years of experience.
        
            responsible for conducting quantitative and data-driven financial analyses and models for the company's mortgage servicing portfolio. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience.
        
            full-time position. will implement data, maintain front end coverage, build integrations and interact with team. 5+ years' related industry experience required. javascript libraries knowledge needed. telecommute.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will gather requirements, maintain documentation, cooperate with designers, integrate data and provide industry-specific expertise. bachelor's degree and related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            the audit analyst will initiate supplier audits, analyze contracts, collect and analyze data, and perform operations support activities. must have two to four years' experience in project management, audit, and/or analytic roles. work-from-home position.
        
            option for telecommuting, travel required. will conduct reactive incident response functions, assess the firewall to identify evidence of malicious activity, and investigate data breaches. must have 6+ years of digital forensics consulting expeirnece.
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop django-based websites use python and postgresql, work with large data sets, write effective, scalable code, test and debug programs, and implement security solutions. open source project exp. and bs degree req.
        
            identify opportunities and risks for growth, and present and execute recommendations for improving the overall health of retail performance marketing network. must have 2-3+ years of experience in a data analytical role; ba/bs preferred. wfh to start.
        
            senior technical program manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she will build services, tools, and visualizations for critical data that investment professionals can use. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required. option for remote.
        
            full-time, temporary, and remote role. candidate will supply input on relevant sections of research protocols, oversee data release for clinical projects, and provide support with regulatory submissions. must have strong knowledge of sas software.
        
            work cross-functionally to gather high-volume technical data. compose wide-ranging materials on complex content. requires python/javascript proficiency, high-level detail/accuracy, a ba/bs degree, and 5+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time.
        
            full-time, temporary and remote candidate will oversee a team of data scientists and analysts, conduct econometric and other statistical analyses, and develop agent-based modeling systems. must have experience or education in statistics or economics.
        
            edit content across social and owned channels to scale audience engagement and reach, leverage engineering and data analytics to make decisions, manage a team of freelance writers and staff, and copyedit/fact check high volumes of articles. remote.
        
            seeking a writer/editor for a full-time, remote position responsible for writing content, performing edits, analyzing data, monitoring content performance. writing-focused ba/bs, one+ year experience in editing, and exceptional writing ability.
        
            the lead qa engineer will develop & mentor the qa team, own data product quality, create test plans, & develop a process for bug/defect tracking. requires at least four years' qa experience with a year of qa management or leadership exp. remote position.
        
            seeking a team lead for a full-time, remote position requiring five+ years' experience in analysis, two+ years' consulting experience, and familiarity with sql and bi tools. will provide leadership and support to teams, analyze data.
        
            f/t senior software engineer needed to take an idea from concept to technical design to implementation to testing to measurement. bachelor's degree, 5 years of work experience, an expert in oop, & data structure knowledge req. remote during pandemic.
        
            be responsible for defining and building the design company's suite of digital products. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of data-driven product management experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote job for candidate who will serve as an enterprise distributed systems developer. experience in java, javascript, hadoop, big data, large-scale processing systems, relational databases, sql and nosql databases and bachelor's degree preferred.
        
            enter, monitor, and maintain accurate financial data. requires a bachelor's degree, and 1+ yrs' experience, preferably with peoplesoft/access proficiency. full-time role. work from home during pandemic. $45k-$58k/year.
        
            manage content development, mentor and develop staff, analyze data to make decisions, and copyedit article contents. requires a bachelor's degree in a writing-related field, 3+ years of digital content editing experience, and seo knowledge. 100% remote.
        
            remote senior analyst needed to identify trends and drivers, perform exploratory data analyses, and present views that will help with performance. bachelor's degree with 0-3 years in an analytics environment and experience in sql and analytic tools req.
        
            be responsible for delivering cloud-related projects to customers. a bachelor's degree, pmp or agile certification, and experience leading cloud migration projects, dev ops transformations, or big data projects are preferred. full-time, remote position.
        
            lead the analysis of high-volume customer data to provide valuable insights that can optimize the customer experience. requires full-cycle scrum familiarity, api analytics skills, and 3+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time.
        
            remote position will leverage data submitted by providers via the prior authorization process, analyze simulate impact, maintain/update models to monitor/track outcome, and design/conduct evaluation analysis. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            the machine learning (ml) engineer will improve the accuracy of production ml systems, own the performance of ml problems, & work on training data sets & error analysis. requires five+ years' software design & development exp.
        
            research and analyze product opportunities, build competitive market research capabilities and intelligence use storytelling, presentation and data visualization skills to reflect performance and product strategy. home-based position.
        
            working on the back-end of new projects using go, elixir and ruby for a taxi app service. must have knowledge of common algorithms & data structures and exp developing medium/large-scale web applications. remote days & flex hours. $43-$55k.
        
            temp-to-hire, remote position for a front-end developer. will build, extend and deploy websites and microsites, develop wordpress cms data structures, convert designs, and participate in testing, implementation and maintenance. need seven years of exp.
        
            partially remote position for a certified medical affairs director, molecular pathology. will oversee research, support laboratories and clinicians, help generate data and publications, and respond to collaboration requests and inquiries. need phd or md.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include defining & executing a growth strategy, using quantitative & qualitative data to drive decision-making, setting, tracking, & achieving kpis, and coaching & mentoring a team. bachelor's in c.s. preferred.
        
            remote position will lead design strategy/implementation for program, unlock data sets to track the impact of climate change, transcribe handwritten historical documents, and design web applications. need two years of experience.
        
            graphics engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will help build simulation tools and interactive experiences for algorithm and data visualization. bachelor's degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include delivering insights to drive value for customers, identifying trends, performing exploratory data analyses, and designing & executing tests to optimize the customer experience & analyze results.
        
            work-from-home position for a product manager, gaming platform. will guide/execute product strategy, design/implement solutions and tools, configure/run experiments, optimize deployments, and monitor performance data. need a ba/bs and three years of exp.
        
            manage several small/large analytic and software development projects, develop shared analytical and data resources, provide financial modeling and review activities of various programs. temporary 1-year job - remote work allowed during covid-19.
        
            work-at-home position for a site activation partner. will provide technical and logistical support to site relationship partners, prepare, validate and submit regulatory documents, and track and manage forms, queries and data flow. need two years of exp.
        
            partial remote position will assist in areas to generate responses to requests for proposals/information, generate cost estimates, research/gather data, prepare proposals/work orders, and respond to requests. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            full-time position. will conduct research, implement models, review data, identify risk factors, build tool package and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. partially remote.
        
            remote contract position will help shape product marketing strategy through data/analytics, study all of marketing channels, make strategic recommendations, analyze customer behavior, product usage/email marketing. ba degree required and five years exp.
        
            remote position will partner to understand/translate requirements, make tradeoffs of scope/implementation, lead the team in product features, define the product goals/roadmap, and analyze data/feedback. ba degree preferred and proven experience.
        
            analyze and optimize ad data for marketing and lead generation software. requires a bachelor's degree, portuguese/spanish/english fluency, ms office proficiency, and related experience. full-time, wfh role with a flexible schedule.
        
            fully remote position available for a golang engineer. must have seven or more years' server-side development experience & at least three years' recent golang experience. a bachelor's or master's degree in computer science or a related field is required.
        
            remote position will define the digital product vision, roadmap, manage a team working on high-impact app features focused on improving retention, analyze data, define hypotheses, and support products. ba degree required and seven years of experience.
        
            full-time, flexible position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include working with sales, marketing, & services organizations on data & technology needs and contributing to product releases & solution health. bachelor's required.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will design experiments based on qualitative and quantitative data to solve customer pain points and rapidly iterate as the team ships a/b tests. experience designing experiments and managing projects required.
        
            remote position will evaluate resources to prepare/finalize clinical documents, review document drafts, perform literature searches/reviews to obtain background information, and confirm data consistency. ba degree required and demonstrated experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will evaluate existing insider threat capabilities, work with other groups to identify processes to mitigate insider risk, and help gather and analyze data. must have knowledge of information security concepts.
        
            full-time position. will evaluate findings, upgrade assessment processes, analyze data, identify areas of improvement and conduct reviews. graduate degree and 10+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            remote position for a senior editorial assistant. will help manage the publication and dissemination of research articles and content for scholarly journals, support/implement publication strategies, and track/analyze data. need ba/bs and one year of exp.
        
            full-time position. remote. will mentor team, collaborate with staff, build applications, draft data migrations and deploy code. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            remote role. support software development, provide expertise on issues of best practices and database architecture, provide product tests and write code for applications, and support distributed products & data containers. requires 5+ years' experience.
        
            remote, full-time. build customer facing tools using react and browser apis, and troubleshoot features to ensure they are operating efficiently. requires extensive experience with react, javascript, and css, plus data visualization skills.
        
            support data migration projects, design microservices, maintain software features and resolve bugs, and optimize data infrastructure. remote role. requires programming proficiency and knowledge of distributed systems.
        
            flexible remote position will synthesize inputs/ideas from the organization, turn suggestions into potential outcomes/solutions, analyze data, drive successful iterations, identify opportunities, and manage projects. need four years of experience.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will lead and/or create, implement,  and execute procedures to build and maintain database set-up or paper based and/o web based clinical data management systems. ba/bs degree and programming exp. req.
        
            f/t remote paid media buyer needed to manage campaigns in all aspects, from creative to analytics and reporting to optimization. 2-4 years experience managing paid advertising campaigns and excel or other data visualization tools expertise required.
        
            partial wfh job with travel for candidate who will setup and support hardware and software, create and maintain documentation and technologies, and be the primary contact between teams and the data center environment. 3 years' it infrastructure exp. req.
        
            the manager for bi will develop measurement frameworks, help create campaign kpis, oversee analytics projects, & supervise jr. staff. this is a remote, temporary position. must have experience with data visualization, web analytics, & ad servers.
        
            remote option. apply behavioral theories to data sets and interpret user behavior, support product development efforts for audio platform, address user needs, and design research experiments for brand. requires 5 years' behavioral research experience.
        
            perfom auditing of current data sources, platforms and tools for the team, make recommendations to scale performance, design and implement analysis functions and provide competitor analysis. a bs/ba degree. remote option job with salary of $80k -$125k/yr.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will draft reports, present findings, complete projects, conduct research and analyze data. master's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. travel. $5,503/month.
        
            be accountable for creating an acoustic campaign platform, build scalable systems and manage customer data while researching new technologies and performing root cause analysis. 5+ years of javaee experience is needed. remote opportunity.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs three years' work related experience and a bachelor's degree. bring ideas and insights that focus on delivering customer value, identify trends and drivers, poem exploratory data analysis, drive marketing efficiency.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelors' degree and strong experience in sql. build new bi capability, work with stakeholders to agree clear unambiguous kpi definitions, build,  and  maintain and communicate data products to track key performance.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will analyze data, identify trends, determine solutions, prioritize roadmaps and other responsibilities as needed. rn license and 5+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            support the daily operations of clinical research projects by monitoring and maintaining automated data & communication processes. requires a ba/bs degree, ms office sk, and 8+ yrs' experience, including a leadership role. work from home full-time.
        
            full-time position. will track data, identify new opportunities, maintain insights, measure progress, perform research and implement initiatives. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            consultant needed for a partially remote position requiring a bachelor's degree, three+ years' experience working with salesforce.com, strong problem-solving skills, and travel ability. will review data, perform audits, make recommendations.
        
            implement and develop backend microservices and manage data stores. must have at least 1 year of golang experience and 2+ years' relational sql and nosql database experience, along with 2+ years' test-related experience. remote options.
        
            work in a given region to identify prospective clients and maximize sales. requires strong english skills, data-based analytical skills, and 5+ yrs' experience with a strong sales record. full-time, partly remote position with some travel.
        
            f/t remote senior business analyst needed to provide solutions that will lead to increased data accuracy, improved operational efficiency, mitigated risk, and reduced cost. master's degree, 5 years experience, and ability to read code in xml required.
        
            senior ux researcher needed for a full-time, remote position responsible for overseeing the research lifecycle, coordinating and conducting interviews and surveys, analyzing data. five+ years' ux research experience required.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will assist with improvements, collaborate with team, resolve issues and interact with blockchain data. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required.
        
            set strategies with the teams, define features, and make critical decisions for a product. must have a ba/bs degree, 8 years' experience, and a background with formal business processes in regulated industries. option to work remotely.
        
            partial remote position will build scalable microservices/data products, use pipelines/infrastructure as code to deploy services, ensure bug-free operation of services, and propose improvements. ba degree required and proven experience.
        
            remote-during-pandemic role for a senior business intelligence analyst. will leverage data to solve business problems, design reports and visualizations, provide insights, perform analysis, and define/conduct research. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            work from home and coordinate across teams in establishing baseline security requirements for eis data assets, maintain security governance controls in legacy technology and cloud-native environments, and audit automation technical environments.
        
            partial remote role will manage study initiation activities, manage project timelines, budget, & patient recruitment plan, monitor data cleaning, conduct site visits, and perform close-out activities. ba/bs degree & clinical research experience required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include reviewing & coding vendor invoices, communicating & managing vendor aging reports, handling the timely & accurate processing of disbursements, and performing data entry. associate's degree required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will consult with senior leaders on technology solution issues, focus on overall information and data models and ensure the alignment of tech solutions that enable business capabilities. ba/bs degree and 10 years' it exp. req.
        
            the technical account manager will lead the creation & implementation of solutions & handle client interactions related to analytics engagements. requires a bs degree in a related field &/or five or more years' relevant data/analytical exp. remote role.
        
            candidate will develop and manage client portfolios from the relationship perspective, mediate between clients, research and resolve customer requests, and analyze customer data. five years' relationship management experience required. remote job.
        
            full-time remote role will be responsible for developing product vision, establish data-driven business process, partner with design teams to deliver journey mapping, visioning, and user stories. 7+ years' product management or product design exp. req.
        
            work-at-home position managing seo and supporting web strategy and growth teams. develop content calendar, resolve problems, and create solutions. provide consulting and data reporting. must have a ba/bs and at least 5 years of experience.
        
            identify and analyze problems while working in a fast-paced environment. the ideal candidate must be able to manage web analytics platforms and be experienced with google search console and manipulating large data sets. remote us-based position.
        
            partial remote job with 80% travel for candidate who will fuel solutions to ensure enterprise deployments make the deepest impact possible across an organization. bachelor's degree and three to five years' technical consulting or data analytics exp. req.
        
            take ownership of projects from every phase, collaborate with the research and development department, write performant and readable code, and perform qa and monitor systems to make data-driven decisions. full-time option for remote.
        
            lead logistics coordination, data collection, and reporting for successful clinical research. requires full-cycle clinical trial knowledge, a bachelor's degree, and related exp., including management. full-time, partly wfh role with some travel.
        
            full-time position. will identify opportunities, update process docs, maintain content, report program success and gather data. 2+ years' related technical content marketing experience required. telecommute.
        
            coordinate multiple operational aspects of clinical research projects, such as planning, logistics, data management, and reporting. requires full-cycle research knowledge, ba/bs degree, and related exp. full-time, partly wfh role with some travel.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include leading discussions with business stakeholders, participating in the full software development lifecycle, and designing, building, & launching relational data models.
        
            remote position will deliver employee sentiment studies, create capability assessment/feedback systems, track transformation, conduct investment studies, launch pre-hire assessments, and evaluate talent. master's degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will work with developers and sres to provide guidance on optimizing queries, schema design, and overall data strategy and design, improve, and operate rdbms and nosql systems. bs degree and devops operations exp. req.
        
            remote medical director needed to develop core deliverables across study planning, design, and execution of results analysis and regulatory findings. md/ph.d. or equivalent and 4 years of relevant experience in the industry of genetic diseases required.
        
            the financial analyst will help maintain the cost accounting systems, analyze data, prepare financial reports, & audit accounting systems. the employee can telework during the covid response. must have two years' experience & a relevant bachelor's degree.
        
            remote position will implement design while developing greater facility, promote continuous improvement, ensure security/integrity of systems/data, test changes to ensure issues resolved, and develop solutions. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            analyze data to build solutions for customers, define product strategy, and collaborate with engineering teams to ensure highly productive outcomes. requires 5+ years' cloud management experience & work with distributed systems. remote.
        
            full-time remote role will market software and services solutions, develop and implement marketing strategy, and design brochures, presentations, and data sheets. 5+ years' supply chain solutions or product marketing/management experience required.
        
            optional wfh job for candidate who will define testable hypotheses that are relevant to business and design approaches and conduct, perform, and evaluate qualitative and quantitative user and market research. ba/bs degree and 7 years' ux design exp. req.
        
            freelance, partially remote position. responsibilities include developing & implementing a network communication strategy, establishing & operationalizing it & data governance, and supporting various learning environments. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will work on financial due diligence activities, analyze financial data, and prepare reports and presentations. bs degree in accounting or finance and 2+ years' audit or consulting experience required.
        
            the recruitment advisor will support recruitment administration, oversee executive interview scheduling, conduct new hire orientation, & maintain data. requires at least five years' exp. in a sr. administrative position. temporary, work-from-home role.
        
            flexible remote position will translate business requirements into architected solutions, develop, test, document/maintain solutions, integrations/data migration elements, and execute test plans. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            conduct social and scientific research, accurate record keeping, and insightful reporting. requires a bachelor's degree with 2-3+ yrs' experience or an equivalent combination. full-time role with benefits. work from home during pandemic. $90k/year. 
        
            collaborate across behavioral, medical, and psychosocial dimensions, lead the design and product team and focus on understanding and solving patient problems, and defining and developing data-driven growth. remote opportunity.
        
            seeking a business analyst for a full-time, remote option position requiring three+ years' experience with business analysis, extensive experience with medical management and the healthcare industry, and a relevant ba/bs. will coordinate and analyze data.
        
            senior technical writer is needed for a remote role. the candidate will research, write, and edit technical content for pharmaceutical and biotech customers. must possess strong communication skills. bachelor's degree and prior related experience req.
        
            create reliable, scalable, and high-performance ml/ai solutions for an ecommerce giant. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience with architecture and application development. full-time, remote position.
        
            a remote senior software engineer will develop services and products for advanced machine learning applications, join a group of team members, and lead engineering projects. strong communication and previous tech leadership experience is needed. 
        
            the remote software engineer will be building products & services for advanced ml applications as well as leading engineering projects. must have experience as a tech lead for a project involving a python-based stack. system deployment exp. required.
        
            will coordinate/participate in programming, implementation, testing/support of web-based projects, programming of data-driven web applications, and debugging/problem-solving. ba degree preferred and one year of open source web development exp.
        
            full-time remote role will develop communications strategies, collaborate with cross-functional teams to collect data, and implement global marketing programs. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' experience in marketing communications required. travel 10%
        
            seeking full-time senior full-stack engineer for flexible position. requirements include at least five years of software development experience, and strong proficiency with java or similar programming language. bachelor's degree in cs preferred.
        
            partial remote role will be responsible for implementing clinical trials. will ensure compliance with regulations, manage study initiation through close-out, review monitoring reports, & prepare clinical protocols. ba/bs degree & 6+ years' exp. required.
        
            solve complex distributed systems problems and build a best-in-class platform as a service. must have 2+ years of engineering experience working with complex distributed systems, relational databases, or cloud/web services. wfh.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will assist with customer needs, develop and monitor key performance indicators, and resolve compensation and agent performance issues. 3+ years' proven relevant experience required. bachelor's degree preferred. 
        
            design, drive, and implement product-centered research to learn more about how to generate and communicate key insights. must have a doctorate degree and 5 years of experience as a researcher. full-time, remote position.
        
            lead large-scale financial analysis, modeling, and forecasting to support business growth. requires ms office proficiency, presentation skills, a bachelor's degree, and 9+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional role with some required travel. 
        
            the sr. software engineer will provide technical leadership & mentorship to peers, build features, & resolve scalability issues. desired candidates have experience with technical leadership, aws data services, & 24/7 app operations. remote position.
        
            remote position will lead research in health services research, manage studies by planning, assisting with study design, develop statements of work/analysis plans, monitor progress, and write research proposals. master's degree required and experience. 
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will be responsible for translating software requirements into solution design and leading software implementation projects. 8+ years' relevant experience required. travel 50 - 70%.
        
            full-time partial remote role will gather requirements and documentation, perform user acceptance testing, and manage data clean-up. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' business process and system design experience required. some travel required.
        
            remote role. support marketing campaigns and go-to-market planning, drive brand awareness through product portfolio, support product launches, and analyze industry data to determine insights. requires 3+ years' product marketing experience.
        
            senior programmer sought for a full-time, currently remote job responsible for conducting research, analyzing data, performing implementations and optimizations, troubleshooting and resolving issues. relevant ba/bs, extensive programming ability required.
        
            serve in a leadership role and manage a team of statistical programmers in researching and developing pharmaceutical products, interface with several internal departments, and develop and oversee sas programs. remote job requiring minimal travel. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' enterprise software experience. design, develop and maintain enablement materials, assist with the delivery of technical training, build out product marketing initiatives.
        
            machine learning engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will build and productionalize machine learning algorithms. must possess strong python coding skills. at least 5 years of related experience is required.
        
            create, build, and ship machine learning and make recommendations for users. a bs in a relevant field is required. must have python coding skills and preferably scala skills. flexible and remote work hours offered as well as other benefits.
        
            deploy apps primarily on aws platform, using the latest technology for autoscaling, cloud formation, streaming analytics, docker containers, lambdas, microservices, and data storage. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience. contract.
        
            remote role. design and build assessment programs for online education platform, understand statistical methods and design research plans, and develop algorithms for progress measurement. requires phd and 3+ years' educational technology experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will research and compose feature articles and newsletters, update content and training materials to meet the needs of autistic individuals, and help with developing content. must have five years of content management exp.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will develop and test programs, deploy solutions, establish patterns, meet deliverables and provide support. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            remote role. support marketing strategy and understand product lines, write white papers and case studies, analyze performance metrics and conversion rates, and identify areas for future opportunities. requires 6+ years' b2b marketing experience.
        
            conduct thorough financial and database analysis to provide business decision-makers with valuable insights. requires high-level detail/accuracy, ms office proficiency, and a ba/bs degree. full-time role with benefits. work from home during pandemic.
        
            lead product consultant is needed for a full-time role. he/she will analyze customer needs through discussions and data collection and analysis. must have strong knowledge of medical terminology. prior relevant experience req. cpc cert is pref. remote.
        
            oversee decisions and analytics in the fp&a area in the healthcare tech space. lead the finance team in reaching performance objectives and support strategies and investments. must have 7 yrs of experience and a bachelor's degree. remote with some travel.
        
            build a talent strategy with ta and executive teams, present and communicate complicated plans, lead employment branding strategies, leverage data and collaborate with key partners. remote opportunity based in the us.
        
            remote senior consultant needed to lead with hands-on involvement in project management, business interpretation, application of solutions, client communication, and insights/results delivery. bachelor's degree and 5 years of relevant experience required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include engaging with customers to determine their goals, strategies, & technical needs, helping define & deliver high-value solutions, and providing customer requirements to engineering.
        
            full-time, remote position. will configure testing software, build relationships, improve processes, review test results and work with team. high school diploma and 7+ years' related experience required. 
        
            the sr. system administrator will design and implement enterprise system architecture, administer servers, and lead staff members. those without a related associate's or bachelors' degree will need a decade of experience. work-from-home position.
        
            collaborate with a scrum team to create, develop, test, and document designs derived from product requirements for commercial-based products, and provide detailed information needed to test procedure development. work from home.
        
            remote job for candidate who will call customers to collect past due amounts, process credit card payments, research customer payments and accounts, create manual invoices, and review ar aging. five years' accounts receivable experience required.
        
            full-time position. will negotiate contracts, manage payroll, collaborate with team and streamline processes. must have related operations experience. remote during pandemic. strong communication skills needed.
        
            remote, full-time job. pays $100,000 a year. work 50 hours a week. needs eight years' experience in python, r and mysql and experience with databases. model complex problems, discover insights and identify opportunities and will design experiments.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include assisting with the implementation of custom clinical research studies, conducting descriptive statistical analysis, writing analytics programs, documenting study processes & changes, and generating graphs.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include developing, executing, & managing multiple it projects, determining project resource needs, assigning tasks & deliverables, and ensuring compliance. bachelor's degree required.
        
            an independent vendor of software is seeking a technical blogger and writer to build small projects relating to proof of concepts. must be skilled in mobile apps, browser-side mvc and html5. remote part time job with flexible schedule. 
        
            quality systems senior implementation consultant needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be partially remote with some travel involved. ten years of related experience, successful track record, and bachelor's degree required.
        
            partial remote role. he/she will manage team members, act as a customer advocate, and translate requirements into solutions. ba/bs degree and 10+ years' relevant experience required. proven expertise in quality and compliance required. travel up to 50%.
        
            senior software engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will design and build self-service components for an ml platform. must be proficient in python or java. bs degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include operating & maintaining credit risk models for mortgage loan portfolios, building algorithmic solutions, performing scenario analysis, and assessing & monitoring performance & risks.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs systems architecture ownership experience and product management experience. create and execute a long-term technology vision, inspire, develop and engage a world class team of engineers and build industry leading experiences.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs five years' experience selling clinical trial related services and experience with recurring revenue programs. drive the overall growth of the business and will lead the full sales process from prospecting.
        
            partial remote role will develop strategy, implement product launches, develop sales tools, training, and gtm content, and develop digital marketing activities. travel 20%. ba/bs degree & 4 years' software engineering experience required. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will collaborate with engineering, design, and marketing teams to improve business outcomes and implement product roadmap. 3+ years' product management experience in a saas environment required. 
        
            product manager needed for a work from home opportunity. candidate will have three yrs' experience with online commerce. will have an in-depth understanding in graph theory. responsibilities include developing the product map & execution of payments.
        
            work on consulting users, carrying out experiments, tackling complex business problems, and implementing new products. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of sre or devops experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs five years' work related experience and experience with cloud based products. work with teams to manage, track and optimize custom success, understand customer needs and assist with understanding of products, create reports.
        
            remote position will implement solutions for customers, participate in review/workshops, design/support validation of applications, design solutions, and provide insight/recommendations to improve technology. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            increase brand awareness & retention rates, provide product information to customers, collaborate with teams to improve software, and recommend items for customer needs. requires python proficiency, sales experience, and ability to multi-task. remote. 
        
            develop content and messaging that articulates platform capabilities and solutions, partner with marketing teams to create targeted campaigns, create core messaging and build compelling content. option for remote. 
        
            remote position will work on cutting-edge problems, participate in the engineering life-cycle, design distributed systems, write production code, conduct code reviews, and apply graph analysis techniques. bs degree required and six years of experience. 
        
            remote opportunity for a staff research economist, marketplace economics. will lead research agenda, identify market trends, surface insights, track product performance, and provide education on statistical techniques. need a ph.d. and four years of exp.
        
            remote position will write content for blog posts, articles/in-product educational content, research topics, generate new content ideas, edit/proofread content before publication, and contribute to calendar. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            product owner needed for a remote position requiring a relevant ba/bs, seven+ years' similarly focused experience, exceptional communication skills, and an understanding of agile methods. will manage projects, identify cases. 
        
            work on sdtm/adam, tlfs programming supporting clinical trial execution, and regulatory submissions. must have a bachelor's degree and technical sas programming skills. wfh temp role for $50-$70/hour.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include identifying business opportunities, clearly defining problems, providing primary analytics support for marketing, and managing cross-functional strategic projects. bachelor's degree required.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include leading implementation, metrics, & user experience for search & recommendations, leading & developing a team, & working with other teams & internal staff to execute cross-product & cross-functional initiatives. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs five years' software consulting experience and advanced technical knowledge of commercial software. drive customer success by providing ongoing product and process to customers, evaluate customers' investment. 
        
            remote role with travel required. candidate will oversee the investigations team through investigation cycle, make sure investigation documents are received and reviewed, and help compile analytical data. must have 5-8 years of financial analysis exp.
        
            full-time position with flexible schedule. will work on software projects, maintain android applications, manage priorities and adhere to deadlines. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            handle the translation of research insights into insights for customers and prospects via consulting, marketing and thought leadership, apply solution and discovery design skills to support the sales process. work at home; must be willing to travel.
        
            the technical writer will have flexible hours and remote work options. will create content for external and internal clients. must have at least 5 years of relevant experience and a bachelor's degree. job includes excellent benefits.
        
            seeking an events director for a full-time, telecommuting position. create event strategies, develop brand/marketing materials, and collaborate with marketing team. bachelor's degree and three to five yrs' exp. in the field required. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a phd and five years' work related experience.serve a s a key leader of the organization and provide strategic guidance, and provide strategic oversight to ensure resources are focused to deliver on plans.
        
            create user experiences, design wireframes and product specifications, implement features changes, and collaborate across teams to meet project goals. remote option. requires ba, portfolio review, and 5 years' design experience. 
        
            remote role will develop curriculum strategy, create training content, design hands-on courses, and support instructors. experience defining and implementing new curricula & strong analytical skills required. experience developing technical training req.
        
            telecommuting role for a senior consultant. will analyze, design, code, debug and implement solutions, develop test plans, assist with product updates, analyze performance, and develop reports and dashboards. need a bachelor's degree and five years' exp.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will execute account plans, perform reviews, identify new opportunities and communicate key points. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            provide administrative assistance and support to team, serve as key point of contact for oncologists, process required paperwork, coordinate webinar registrations and offer registered attendees support. full-time remote job. 
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include owning hiring & onboarding workflows, maintaining onboarding new hire kits, deploying & managing assets, and launching & maintaining a performance review program. ba/bs required.
        
            the sr. product manager will be leading a series of the company's customer-facing products & developing the product roadmap. requires a related bachelor's degree, fluency in core ml concepts, & at least four years' product management exp. remote position.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' quantitative media research.work as part of a team, deliver insights and effectiveness measurement, own client relationships and campaign measurement, facilitate requests, and lead research.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and ten years' work related experience. work with  fellow associates to understand real life challenges of customers, work in product design, product management and systems architecture, develop solutions.
        
            the sr. technical sourcer will develop sourcing & recruiting strategies for sr. leadership roles, build talent pipelines, & provide an excellent candidate experience. must have at least six years' sourcing & recruiting experience. remote position.
        
            full-time position. will integrate research, manage bottlenecks, review requirements, anticipate trade-offs and provide guidance. bachelor's degree preferred and 5+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            lead large-scale research efforts to identify and mitigate gaps in healthcare opportunity. requires clinical credentials (phd nurse or related), strong research skills, and 5-10 yrs' exp. full-time, wfh-optional role with benefits & flexible hours.
        
            craft compelling use cases and demos rooted in problems customers, partner closely with several internal departments and make it easy for sales to demonstrate the company solutions with customers. option for remote position based in the pst timezone. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will need extensive experience with intelligence analysis, technical collections, signals intelligence, and technical exploitation. candidates must have dod ts/sci clearance within the last two years. 
        
            provide technical assistance and hands on-participation to maintain, troubleshoot and manage enterprise applications. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position. will draft code, develop applications, integrate software components and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option.
        
            work closely with the k-8 ela marketing team on the programming and promotion of a podcast. must have 1+ years copywriting and editing experience with a media or podcast background. part-time, home-based contract.
        
            remote role. develop marketing campaigns for wellness brand, create and monitor budgets, optimize product efficiency,  partner with quality assurance teams, and provide reporting for internal & external audiences. requires project management experience.
        
            the learning content creator will own the content experience for new products & develop digital & blended learning content & experiences. experience with developing user-facing content & personalized l&d curricula is desirable. remote position.
        
            position with the option for remote work a manager, software engineering. will attract, engage and retain talent, design, modify, develop and implement technology solutions, and participate in code and design reviews. need a ba/bs and 10 years of exp.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, incorporate best practices, build relationships, share knowledge and identify insights. 3+ years' related ux research experience required. telecommute. 
        
            drive business growth and generate leads and a sales pipeline via several marketing channels. previous experience building programs and campaigns to reach decision-makers. experience working with the public sector is neededful. contract remote position. 
        
            contracted project manager will work with business managers to develop and automate business processes, organize multiple deployments, and perform implementation readiness reviews. must have seven plus years of application development experience.
        
            create and deploy predictive models required for real-time predictions, use nlp, statistics and machine learning techniques, and design and evaluate innovative models needed for predictive learning. previous programming experience is needed. remote. 
        
            a software engineer is needed for a work-at-home, full-time position. will develop tools/infrastructure, implement solutions, and drive new growth opportunities. bachelor's degree and three-plus yrs' exp. in the field required. 
        
            lead opportunities for business development, identify and generate project opportunities, develop a compelling proposal to solve issues, build trusted relationships and support the creation of new campaigns. remote position - travel is required. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs ten years' significant management and strategic consulting experience and experience implementing digital transformation.travel. lead development opportunities, and identify and generate new project opportunities.
        
            seeking candidate with ten years' experience leading global compliance programs to be responsible for implementation of the compliance program, act as a strategic partner for senior leadership, and lead investigations and remediation. partial remote job.
        
            write and edit clinical regulatory documents (all document types) including responses to health authority agencies for a pharma company. must have a master's degree and 10 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            partial remote role. he/she will manage client projects, develop project presentations and reports, answer clients' business questions, and assist with sales. experience developing client presentations required. some travel. 3+ years' relevant exp. req. 
        
            seeking an oss engineer to work directly with users and enterprise customers through our open source support channels and make major contributions to open-source projects. 2+ yrs of work experience is needed along with strong communication skills.

        
            source and build relationships, partner with the leadership and hiring managers teams to build hiring strategies to understand talent needs and oversee high volume searches. six-month remote contract job. 
        
            java engineer needed for a full-time position with flexible working hours & the option of remote work. 4+ yrs' java experience, knowledge of rdbms/sql and design patterns & principles, and experience with source control tools & build tools required.
        
            consult with clients to determine business needs, identify requirements, and develop applications. must have a bachelor's degree and five years of ca ppm implementation experience with certification. full-time, remote position.
        
            provide a learning environment that supports student success, teaching synchronous or asynchronous seminars in it for graduate-level learners online. must have a doctorate degree and 1-3 years of experience in the it field. wfh part-time.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. needs knowledge of current web technologies as well as having experience with standard software frameworks, and have expertise in software architecture.
        
            position with the option for remote work for an engineering manager, shared experience, growth. will hire, lead and grow a team of engineers, help drive team's vision and strategy, and execute team's vision. need five years of software engineering exp.
        
            seeking a manager of medical writing for a work-from-home opportunity. will produce content, plan/format key documents, and review documents. bachelor's degree and four-plus yrs' exp. in medical writing req. 
        
            virtual role. respond to order inquires for education curriculum company, oversee large orders and validate purchase order documents, perform workflow audits, and maintain vendor relationships. requires 4 years' order management experience. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include identifying learning goals & outcomes for online learning experiences, designing & developing online learning experiences, and ensuring that solutions meet learners' needs. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include building office accounts, managing office status & documentation, supporting customer success during onboarding & launching new offices, and following up post-launch to ensure product usability.
        
            full-time position. will analyze results, lead strategic decisions, adhere to deadlines, maintain product backlog and set objectives. 3+ years' related product management experience required. telecommute.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will perform inspections, handle database audits, report findings, review deviations and maintain qa files. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. 
        
            you will create visual elements for communication across platforms, ensure messaging/branding is consistent, and track kpis. requires 5+ years of visual/graphic design experience, html programming, & familiarity with industry tools. 100% remote.
        
            remote job for candidate who will play a central role in the sharing of web analytics insights to leadership and digital teams and be responsible for development, testing, deployment, and launch of reporting. three years' web analytics reporting exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will plan and implement projects that inform the product roadmap, define the strategy for event trigger compensation, and create processes that can scale and be tracked. must have 5+ years of program management experience.
        
            freelance salesforce developer and design and administer sfdc. tasks include creating apex code, supporting test cases, workflow rules and more. document enhancements and create test scripts. must have strong apex coding exp. remote work allowed. 
        
            full-time remote role will be responsible for reporting and developing business strategies. will develop reporting capabilities and provide analysis support. bachelor's degree and 1+ year of experience in analytical role required. 
        
            contracted, remote role with travel required. candidate will help with the preparation for requests for proposals, oversee technical and financial aspects of the project, and develop training materials. must have 7 years of clinical research experience.
        
            develop web-based software in agile environment, write and review clean code, and collaborate with teams to understand business needs of clients. remote, full-time. requires ba, 5 years' software development experience, and programming proficiency.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include building a strategy & roadmap for ai solutions, gathering & prioritizing customer requirements, defining vision, and developing strong & constructive business relationships. some travel required.
        
            full-time position. will scale-out features, conduct research, meet customer needs and provide industry-specific expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related engineering experience required. telecommute.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will conduct peer reviews and quality control of clinical study reports, review statistical analysis plans, and propose solutions to identified issues. must have five years of pharmaceutical or medical writing experience.
        
            partial remote. oversee technical projects for molecular & genetic research teams, improve processes and understand client requirements, provide staff coaching, and understand resource allocation. requires ba and 3+ years' project management experience.
        
            remote position will collaborate on learning sequences, build design systems, solve tough interaction/system design problems, help research/articulate learning segments, and contribute to overall product strategy. need four years of experience. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will be part of a larger team collaborating closely with operations teams to define technology and features to meet evolving business needs and manage solutions implementation. ba/bs degree and project management exp. req.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include working as part of a distributed team, creating backend services in a cloud, and building & running reliable, secure, & performant distributed services. 3+ yrs' experience required.
        
            the manager will drive lead acquisition growth, manage paid digital campaigns, & oversee the corporate website & tech stack. must have at least two years' digital marketing exp. at saas b2b companies. ba/bs degree or equivalent exp. desired. wfh role.
        
            an online adjunct faculty member is needed to teach university students a course in health informatics. previous adult teaching experience is needed. part-time, remote temporary position lasting eight weeks. pay is $2,500 per course. 
        
            remote position will develop new financial models to support new product design, run/maintain complex revenue calculation models, monitor policy revenue/profitability trends, and review contracts/rates. ba degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            ideate and create processes that fulfill business needs across software packages. must have a bachelor's degree and experience with tableau, google analytics, salesforce, and ecommerce platforms. full-time, remote position.
        
            lead the team working on a comprehensive customer communications platform, information architecture strategy, customer dashboards, and more. must have 3+ years of software engineering management experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            oversee software engineering teams, provide mentoring and training, build self-service tools and maintain technical architecture, and manage complex project timelines & budgets. remote in pandemic requires ba and 10+ years' tech infrastructure experience.
        
            the director will provide team leadership, set the growth strategy for media analytics offerings, & cultivate partnerships. due to covid-19, staff members are telecommuting for now. this role requires a strong marketing & digital analytics background.
        
            develop hr strategy, solutions, and strategic workforce plans that align to the business and site strategy and objectives. must have a bachelor's degree and 7 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position for a user experience researcher. will facilitate discovery, articulation, and application of recommendations across the product platform, conduct research, and inform and guide design processes. need a ba/bs and three years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote full-stack engineer will develop new features and add functionality to existing features,  work with internal stakeholders to develop functionality, and maintain platform stability. must have three plus years of react.js experience.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelor's degree and seven years' work related experience. prospect and leverage new business opportunities, cultivate strong long-term relationships, maintain general knowledge of services, identify and respond to needs.
        
            business development director is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate is responsible for driving the entire sales cycle from qualification and discovery through close. at least 4 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will lead complex projects as the operational face of the business consulting team and be responsible for the end-to-end design and build of deliverables. ba/bs degree and 8 years' consulting exp. req.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will lead projects as the face of the company business consulting team and identify and proactively solve problems faced by the client. bachelor's degree and eight years' consulting experience required.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and 8 years' consulting exp. to lead complex projects as the operational face of the company business consulting team and be responsible for the end-to-end design and build of deliverables. partial wfh job with travel.
        
            will lead projects, solve client issues, mentor consultants, and oversee deliverables. bachelor's degree and eight-plus yrs' consulting experience required. competitive salary and benefits. full-time, partially remote position.  
        
            software engineer frontend needed for a remote position will build software, and collaborate on delivering features/fixed in an enterprise environment. need five years of professional work experience as a software engineer. 
        
            create state-of-the-art ml/ai solutions for various datasets, develop and apply breakthroughs in ml/ai technical areas and support rapid development and benefit national security. option for remote - occasional travel is required.
        
            ful-time position. will prioritize work, provide guidance, collaborate with staff, meet goals, improve systems and assist with onboarding. bachelor's degree and 12+ years' related experience required. work from home option. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will lead research efforts, translate customer needs into business requirements, and provide design thought leadership to senior business stakeholders. must have three to seven years of work experience and a bachelor's degree.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and six years' software engineering exp. to lead and direct complex projects and direct root cause analysis of business and production issues by reviewing information and directing actions. remote job during pandemic.
        
            remote position will be responsible for managing complex clinical study projects, manage all aspects of clinical trial projects, lead regular client project meetings, and support mentorship/training. bs degree required and experience with clinical trials.
        
            digital project manager needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will manage clinical trial study projects. strong project management skills and bachelor's degree or higher in a related field required.
        
            digital project manager needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will be managing clinical trial study projects. experience, leadership skills, and bachelor's degree or higher in a related field required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. bachelor's required. duties include leading the creation of cloud-based service solutions, leading & participating in design reviews, developing design concepts or models, and developing software for applications.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will oversee two large-scale programs associated with critical business initiatives, create and consolidate the program timeline, and help improve processes. must have 10+ years of program management experience.
        
            full-time position. will perform hands-on testing, assist with end-to-end transformation and provide industry-specific expertise. 5+ years' related informatica technologies experience required. remote. 
        
            matrix and lead the clinical trial team and be accountable for planning, conducting and reporting on clinical trails within the cdma, ensure quality, write protocols and define clinical outsourcing specifications. remote job.
        
            develop and own the vision, strategy, and execution of the company's private, public, and hybrid-cloud security. must have a bachelor's degree and extensive experience in the fields of enterprise security. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include writing ux copy, experimenting with copy, defining ux/ui messaging standards & guidelines, and contributing to relevant stages of the product design process. 5+ years of related experience required.
        
            seeking an adjunct faculty member to instruct students in computer information systems and serve students with earning a bachelor's degree and join the workforce for services in the field of computing. a phd and prior teaching exp. needed. temporary.
        
            remote position will shape instructor-led/e-learning modules for role-based users, given course objectives, product use cases, technical resources, reverse engineer internal content, and update training materials. ba degree required and two years of exp. 
        
            create product training courses for customers/employees to use the company's products. option to work remotely. must have a bachelor's degree, 2-5 years' experience designing/developing software courses, and strong analytical skills.
        
            full-time position. remote. will analyze processes, develop workflows, implement key sop's, build relationships, perform audits and document occurrences. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop relationships with key influencers, identify technical and commercial challenges, and produce ai/ml thought leadership content, workshops, and events. master's degree and 5+ years' experience req. 
        
            remote regional digital marketing specialist needed to oversee the implementation and strategic support of integrated digital marketing programs. bachelor's degree, 4+ years in digital marketing, & experience implementing paid social advertising required.
        
            full-time partial remote role will coordinate product trainings, conduct needs assessments, develop roadmap, and manage metrics. extensive travel required. bachelor's degree and commercial experience required. project leadership experience required. 
        
            help position the company as the market leader and industry expert for all things fraud and identity verification related. must have 5+ years of relevant work experience in a b2b saas environment. full-time, remote position.
        
            virtual position. oversee product strategy and conduct design research, utilize feedback to improve products, collaborate across teams to resolve issues, and support product adoption efforts. requires 3 years' product management experience.
        
            freelance, remote opportunity. responsible for providing & supporting the implementation of business solutions and utilizing industry research to improve the the company's technology department. bachelor's degree & 4 years of experience are required.
        
            the sr. technical recruiter will develop sourcing & engagement strategies, manage recruiting processes for tech job openings, & provide an excellent candidate experience. five or more years' technical recruiting experience needed. remote job opportunity.
        
            partial remote position will build email/notification programs that support lifecycle marketing strategy, drive experimentation agenda/roadmap for consumer growth marketing efforts, and identify key drivers. need six years of experience. 
        
            own solutions capabilities and iterate and architect and deploy reusable systems. travel for in-person meetings 4 - 6  times a year is expected. a bs degree is required. remote work allowed during covid-19. 
        
            build the team responsible for writing infrastructure and software to scale treatment to over 100 million individuals, generate a pipeline and provide advice and coaching to hiring managers. 5+ years of recruiting experience is required. telecommute. 
        
            f/t remote analytics manager needed to provide analytics-based strategic insights and directions to aid in the development of media and communications initiatives. quantitative educational background and 3-5 years experience performing analytics req.
        
            seeking candidate with five years' technical support exp. and api troubleshooting exp. to drive issues to resolution, identify workarounds to unblock customers, manage escalation workflow, and develop relevant scripts and documentation. remote job.
        
            team lead needed for a remote clinical study position requiring a ba/bs, excellent leadership ability, and exceptional communication skills. will provide support and leadership to teams, troubleshoot and resolve issues, manage projects. 
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include creating & executing a demand generation strategy, developing & maintaining strong relationships with prospects & partners, and identifying, developing, & optimizing content.
        
            develop an information security strategy for products and processes with a focus on automating compliance. implement security & controls. must have a bachelor's degree and 10 years of experience (or hs diploma + 12 years). wfh.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include designing, building, maintaining, & deploying scalable web applications, providing feedback to optimize implementation & usability, and addressing ui/ux issues. bachelor's preferred.
        
            oversee product strategies, employees, operations, supply and demand, and fraud. support growth and success be solving complex problems, creating solutions, and optimizing features. must have a bs and 10 years of experience. remote and flexible hours.
        
            long-term, temporary contract. will analyze complex situations, document processes, maintain relationships and create software integrations. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related professional experience required.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and two years' work related experience.create transparency into plan premium revenue, compare plan membership files, research and interpret identified discrepancies, and oversee audits. 
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include scoping, designing, & building innovative models to structure medical text and collaborating with other stakeholders, scientists, & engineers to resolve complex issues.
        
            solutions consultant is needed for a remote opportunity. candidate is responsible for supporting the sales process by understanding customer business needs and presenting compelling solutions. prior relevant experience is required. travel.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs experience owing multiple client relationships and experience working with new clients. lead client facing implementation engagements adar a custom statement of work is signed, support development of customer proposals.
        
            the vp will own growth marketing efforts, oversee & develop a team, drive lifecycle marketing activities, lead projects, & manage vendor relationships. requires proven b2c technology experience in a growth position. the vp will telework during covid-19.
        
            understand video game product requirements and provide expertise to development teams, provide testing of new features, perform audience research, and collect insights for stakeholders. requires 8 years' digital game development experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include managing a product roadmap for a set of features, establishing key performance metrics, creating business cases, and understanding & explaining complex technical issues. bachelor's preferred.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include managing a product roadmap for a set of features, creating business cases to prioritize infrastructure & product development projects, and communicating complex technical issues. bachelor's preferred.
        
            seeking a candidate with experience in harp and statistical programming. provide outputs and respond to health authority. work remotely.
        
            full-time position. will draft software documentation, contribute to best practices, perform evaluations and maintain implementation details. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote.
        
            remote position will manage a product roadmap for a set of features, establish key performance metrics, drive execution, shape business cases, ideate/wireframe new features, and analyses for new product initiatives. need experience finding solutions. 
        
            product manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she will manage a product roadmap for a set of features from inception through implementation. must possess strong technical skills. prior relevant experience is required. this is a remote position.
        
            build partnerships, easy-to-understand code and tools, develop with web frameworks and monitor, test and optimize designs. tech savvy and 7+ years of microservices experience is needed. full-time remote job.
        
            be responsible for conducting outstanding qualitative and quantitative research to uncover actionable customer insights. must have a master's degree and 8+ years of experience leading the planning and executing mixed method research studies. wfh.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs one-four years' monitoring experience based on level/ research  experience. involved in all aspects of the clinical trial cycle such as study planning, study start up and closeout  activities and work on global trials.
        
            digital solutions designer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will be coordinating processes and developing best practices. three years' experience and bachelor's degree in a related field required.
        
            technical services consultant needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will be responsible for providing subject matter expertise, developing solutions, and working with visualforce, apex, and javascript.
        
            assist with planning and managing the it infrastructure strategy and main objectives, then coordinating multiple projects that are used to meet the program's main goals. must have a bachelor's degree, pmp, and 5 years of experience. wfh to start.
        
            remote position. design fraud detection tools, evaluate third party software and manage vendor relationships, and work to prevent negative user experiences on platform. requires 7+ years' product management experience and ability to multi-task.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will solve business issues by developing a business solution, implement end to end client engagements, and ensure regular client updates and meetings. must have eight plus years of consulting experience.
        
            partial remote operations manager is responsible for the overall strategic vision and the annual strategic and planning process for the operations team. bachelor's degree & 6 years of experience in a cross-functional, strategic, operational role required.
        
            remote opportunity for a pricing analyst. will coordinate and lead cross-functional teams to execute pricing strategies, provide analysis and financial modeling, set market prices, develop tools, and implement improvements. need bs/bs and two years' exp.
        
            senior product manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she will set a long-term roadmap and short-term deliverables for the assigned product area. must possess strong analytical skills. bachelor's deg and prior related experience req. remote for now.
        
            help customers find insights faster through the clinical trial process via high-quality analysis and reporting. must have a bachelor's degree and 0-2 years of experience in an analytics role. wfh with flex hours.
        
            partner with recruiters and hiring teams to execute strategies for building diverse pipelines of candidates that represent the global community of learners. must have 2+ years of experience sourcing or recruiting. full-time, remote contract.
        
            develop, execute, and manage campaigns across a variety of channels to drive customer acquisition through contact acquisition, product adoption & free trial requests. must have 3 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            partial remote position will manage pipelines, create internal tooling, work on proprietary labeling tool, create monitor/other tools to make sure the platform is performing well, and automate pipelines. 
        
            manage multiple full-funnel digital media strategies, including planning, analytics, and optimization. must have 2+ years of hands-on ppc experience with responsibility for monthly budgets over $10,000. full-time, remote position.
        
            oversee consumer product marketing activities for a world-class learning organization. develop strategy, determine target audiences, track performance, and manage launches. must have 12 years of experience including strong leadership skills. remote.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will work with customers to develop an understanding of their goals, invent proof-of-concept demonstrations, and educate customers on new company technologies. ms/phd and 3 years' exp. processing medical imaging req.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include collabroating with designers & engineers to design & implement new features, measuring the impact of features, identifying & addressing ux issues, and improving existing features.
        
            design, evaluate monetization strategies, monitor and report on live performances of optimizations and designed features and collaborate with the external development team while managing ad campaigns across social media platforms. partial remote. 
        
            remote option role will articulate product vision to stakeholders, collaborate with product design and engineering teams to develop digital solutions, and conduct interviews, surveys, and focus groups. ba degree and 7+ years' product design exp. required.
        
            engage with donors, implement fundraising programs, and manage event activities. must have a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience, knowledge of fundraising principles and practices, and database management experience. remote work options.
        
            seeking full stack developer for full-time or contract role. remote position with occasional travel required to work with clients on-site. must have three or more years of related development experience. college degree in cs or engineering preferred.
        
            contract position. telecommute. will conduct interpretations, collaborate with team and provide industry-specific expertise. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related pharmaceutical experience required. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include developing & overseeing pharmacy compliance work plans & procedures, ensuring compliance with new rules, regulations, & revisions, and developing & monitoring team goals. bachelor's or pharmd required. 
        
            remote opportunity for a health solutions copywriter. will write and edit marketing copy for print and digital projects, interpret message points, maintain guidelines and tone of voice, improve engagement, and optimize strategy. need extensive experience.
        
            full-time partial remote role will consult with customers on best practices and release updates, collaborate with services and strategy teams, and evaluate customers' investments. travel 25%. 5+ years' software consulting experience required. 
        
            temporary position. will route inquiries, maintain records, interface with staff, assist with incoming calls and provide industry-specific expertise. strong communication skills needed. telecommute option.
        
            develop, deploy and maintain the analytic and machine learning pipelines within the company's products. must have 7 years of technical experience, advanced degree preferred. full-time, remote position and flex hours.
        
            full-time remote role will architect and develop cloud architecture and develop infrastructure as code platform. bachelor's degree and software or infrastructure engineer experience required. salary up to $180k/year. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will help execute and oversee company-sponsored clinical trials, develop clinical trial documents, and oversee the development of investigator agreements. must have a bachelor's degree and six years of relevant experience.
        
            develop solutions using oracle erp mdm product hub. create features and new designs that meet requirements. must have 7 to 10 years of oracle mdm experience including 2 project implementation cycles. a bs is also required. partial-remote.
        
            the sr. software engineer will build new features for an ios app, make decisions about coding architecture, and help with a/b testing features. must have at least three years' native ios app development experience. the company allows remote working.
        
            f/t partial remote senior clinical project manager needed to be accountable for delivery of a clinical trial and to manage cro performance as well as managing risks to delivery. bachelor's degree and 5 years experience in clinical project management req.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for an associate director, clinical trials operations. will oversee post-drug approval research, manage people, vendors and sites, plan studies, and track and report on program progress. need a ba/bs and 10 years of exp.
        
            customer support engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will handle support requests from customers via phone, email, or remote conferencing. must possess strong technical skills. bs degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will troubleshoot technical issues, communicate with customers about their concerns, and collaborate with team members. bachelor's degree and prior relevant experience preferred. travel up to 20%. 
        
            risk strategy analyst is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will research and develop risk strategies for users of the company's platform. must be proficient in sql. bachelor's degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will create and assess technical design documentation to ensure development is being built and monitor detailed project plans to ensure deliverables. must have five years of technical project management experience.
        
            develop and implement effective, large-scale marketing strategy. requires a bachelor's degree, strong public-speaking and writing skills, and 5+ yrs' exp. full-time, partly remote position with benefits; some travel/event attendance is required.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will provide onsite and remote pre-sales support, create design configuration documentation, and determine gaps and technical requirements. ba/bs degree and 5 years' software consulting exp. req.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will manage new client onboarding, develop partner relationships, manage project planning and weekly meetings, and develop implementation project plans. 3+ years' relevant experience required. 
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will develop and deliver new technologies, develop next-generation monitoring solutions, and implement new technologies in the area of machine learning. must have five plus years of software development experience.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs five years' professional experience and three years' java experience. build and technically own large areas of product and service ecosystem, diagnose complex issues across various levels of the stack, improve applications.
        
            full-time remote role will be responsible for developing analytical tools and dashboards, conduct analyses, and develop strategies and analytic models. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' consulting, engineering, or financial analysis experience required. 
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will develop and deliver engaging and creative programs, project manage hr initiatives, develop, draft, and manage complex workflows, and facilitate sessions as needed. learning and development experience required.
        
            remote role with heavy travel required. candidate will conduct database migrations from oracle, handle performance tuning for existing database deployments, and implement backup strategies. must have five plus years of experience as a consultant . 
        
            work remotely and create and design remote and in-person professional development sessions for leaders and teachers aligned to support program implementations, assess participant feedback, and develop and track budgets for projects. 
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. plans and execute marketing programs, build brand loyalty, increase adoption of therapy, and will work with sales organization to identify patient champions. 
        
            full-time, partially remote opportunity. bachelor's degree required. responsibilities include leading program operations for cx measurement initiatives, using data from listening programs to design dashboards, and leading a small cx team.
        
            work cross-functionally to plan the effective roll-out of new product features and capabilities. requires strong customer interaction skills, high-level detail/accuracy, and relevant experience. work from home full-time with benefits.
        
            senior product manager is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will manage the product roadmap for a set of features from inception to implementation. must be innovative and detail-oriented. prior related experience is required.
        
            remote psychometrician needed to collaborate in the ongoing development and documentation of the research basis and technical adequacy evidence of fastbridge assessments. master's degree, 5 years in educational testing, & psychometric foundation required.
        
            the finance controlling manager will be able to telework while overseeing the cost center budgeting process, tracking expenses, and developing reports. at least five years' planning and reporting experience is required. 
        
            partially remote, full-time position. responsibilities include designing aws architectures that meet or exceed requirements, architecting, developing, & modernizing application solutions, and implementing aws best practices. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, create guidelines, present work and assist with implementation. 6+ years' related graphic design experience required. remote during pandemic. flexible schedule. 
        
            develop cohesive end-to-end experiences for care navigators and care coordinators. must have worked for 5+ years in a product management capacity at a technology-driven org. full-time, remote position.
        
            the software development engineer will be creating custom applications. the position is open to seniors who are pursuing a relevant bachelor's degree and have a gpa of at least 3.0. the company has transitioned to remote working during covid-19.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will work to develop product requirements, assist with go-to-market strategy, define feature roadmap, and manage product lifecycle. master's degree and 5+ years' experience in pharmaceutical or biotech industy required. 
        
            full-time, remote job. needs bachelor's degree and ten years' working experience. build, implement adn own platform operations for various digital platforms, ensure that the  setup and configuration of development, testing and staging exist, troubleshoot.
        
            develop, manage and deploy a product roadmap focused on revenue and subscriber growth, engage with internal teams, partners and customers and participate in all sdlc phases. fully remote job with an annual salary of 83,918.00 and $176,298.00/yr. 
        
            candidate will work with product management to drive product strategy, demonstrate the design process from start to finish, and document research and findings. must have 4+ years of experience designing digital products. option to work remotely.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and six-eight years' work related experience. work directly with customers to implement clinical solutions, analyze business needs to ensure solutions meet customer goals, and will lead workshops.
        
            full-time position. will interpret information, perform searches, draft content, conduct negotiations, resolve issues and collaborate with team, bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. remote option. travel.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs experience as a team assistant, excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. support the preparation of proposals and contracts, coordinate travel arrangements, and perform administrative tasks within hr.
        
            develop marketing content including user stories, web pages, and e-books, collaborate with teams to maintain editorial calendar, and optimize search engine results and keywords. requires 5+ years' marketing experience and ba.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will provide technical consultation to sales teams, manage projects, develop scripts, and consult on engineering strategies. bachelor's degree and expertise in technical specifications required. some travel. 
        
            remote position will develop/scale mobile applications, architect user-friendly applications, participate in the full software development lifecycle, including development, code reviews, and testing. bs degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            build and maintain software systems, resolve technical issues, support research programs, and ensure infrastructure is operational. remote position. requires ba, familiarity with academic research, and software development experience. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop features for javascript applications, develop feature enhancements in weekly sprint cycles, and provide product demonstrations to ownership. ba/bs degree and 4-5 years' software engineer exp. req. $100k-$130k/yr.
        
            seeking natural language processing specialists who can collaborate on funding proposal development for the company. this may be a full- or part-time position. specialists will be working remotely.
        
            lead engineer needed for a remote position for either an acting cto or a senior engineer. need experience in mobile, desktop for pc, mac, understand code in building out an api, and with chrome/chrome extensions. $55 to $75 hourly. 
        
            remote position will analyze project requirements/translate into specifications/programming deliverables, enhance existing applications/build new ones, maintain systems, and test/debug the backend infrastructure. needs hands-on experience of coding. 
        
            remote position will analyze project requirements, translate into specification/programming deliverables, enhance existing applications/build new ones, test/debug the backend infrastructure, and maintain systems. need hands-on experience of coding. 
        
            digital marketing specialist is needed for a remote role. he/she will create and implement email marketing campaigns in service of organizational goals and objectives. bachelor's degree and at least 2 years of related experience required.
        
            full-time job, remote option.needs seven years' software development experience and experience providing technical leadership. lead architecture, design, development, implementation and testing of modular software, responsible for technical requirements.
        
            be responsible for providing functional and technical enterprise support for the successfactors platform for a contract research organization. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            part-time opportunity. responsibilities include preparing & printing materials, composing correspondence, creating & managing filing systems, providing information to faculty, staff, employees, & guests, answering phones, and preparing reports.
        
            create a content strategy that increases brand awareness and will drive qualified traffic into funnels, implement seo best practices and scale a team of experts and writers. pubmed experience is needed. fully remote job.
        
            remote position will design/implement research strategies, conduct ux studies on new products features/concepts, and partner with product teams to identify where evaluate ideas, and develop a strategic vision. bs degree required and six years of exp. 
        
            the sr. android engineer will provide technical guidance, build scalable mobile apps, create automated tests, & fix bugs. must have proven expertise in designing & developing native android apps as well as shared frameworks. the position is remote.
        
            option for telecommuting, travel required. candidate will work with the sales team on identifying upsell and cross opportunities and serve as a subject matter expert for company solutions. must have 8+ years of exp. in leading client relationships.
        
            f/t remote senior manager of product marketing needed to help build educator and teaching experiences spanning degrees & certificates, labs, assessments, and many more. 10+ years experience with 6+ years in product marketing and product development req.
        
            senior software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position with travel involved. six years' related experience, proficiency writing code, familiarity with distributed systems, and strong communication skills required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will drive product impact by proposing and conducting quantitative research into key user behaviors and business trends and help set activation, growth, and retention targets. five years' b2b saas exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            remote position will manage sustainability programs/support, identify/implement initiatives/strategic partnerships to support goals, provide leadership/support for strategies, and define/report reduction programs. ba degree required and seven years exp. 
        
            responsible for consulting with end users across multiple departments, translate user requirements into reports/dashboards, and own all project activities. must have a bachelor's degree and 1-3 years' professional it experience. option to work remotely.
        
            primary duties will include developing integrated customer campaigns & digital content, driving event attendance, & collecting customer feedback. requires at least two years' experience with creating digital nurture campaigns. this is a work-at-home role.
        
            seeking a full-time medical writer to compose scientific documents related to oncology studies. must have at least 5 years of medical writing experience, preferably in the pharmaceutical industry. college graduates are preferred. remote option.
        
            wfh job for candidate who will manage the development and implementation of best seo practices, perform keyword research, discover, define and resolve outstanding seo errors and present client-facing website audits. ba/bs degree and 5 years' seo exp. req.
        
            remote position with travel for a senior consultant, development cloud. will customize and implement customer projects, advise customers, junior resources and other teams, and help manage, track and optimize customer success. need relevant experience.
        
            provide post-sale client support to ensure product success and customer retention. requires a bachelor's degree, strong saas knowledge, c-level interaction skills, and 5+ yrs' exp. full-time, partly remote role with benefits; regular travel required.
        
            be responsible for understanding stakeholders' technology needs as they build out engaging experiences for the community of hosts and guests. must have 10+ years of product management experience, ideally with domain experience. wfh.
        
            senior product manager is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will collaborate with stakeholders, designers, and engineers to create product requirements and kpis. must possess strong leadership skills. prior related experience required.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will develop and implement technology and software solutions, develop components, tools, and applications, and assist with code and design reviews. ba/bs degree & 5+ years' software development exp. req. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs bachelor's degree and five years' software development experience. design, modify, develop and implement technology solutions, build modern, architecturally sound components, contribute insight from experience.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will develop innovative technology solutions, mentor engineers, build components, tools, and applications, and design and implement software solutions. bachelor's degree & 5+ years' experience required. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include contacting customers by phone to schedule appointments for meter exchanges, handling incoming customer calls, and answering customer inquiries or concerns. evening & weekend hours required.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will conduct unit testing, build relationships, enhance custom objects, interface with staff and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 6+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will manage development of routing engine for sports and international markets, collaborate with routing engineers, and develop long term routing strategy. 3+ years' product management experience required. 
        
            remote position will design develop/implement preclinical marketing strategies to support business goals/objectives, execute tactical plans, analyze key results, report on outcomes, and increase market share. ba degree required and extensive experience. 
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and one to three years' exp. supporting a sales force to create detailed regional marketing strategies, research funding opportunities, and plan go-to market strategies and tactics. partial remote job with travel.
        
            seeking an rn for a remote position requiring a nursing ba/bs, nursing license, three+ years' direct experience in a clinical setting, exceptional communication skills, and strong problem-solving ability. will provide patient assistance and care.
        
            work in partnership with a single-sponsor, being responsible for approximately 10 sites in 1-2 protocols. must have a bachelor's degree and  12 months of independent on-site monitoring experience. wfh with travel & flex time, permanent contract.
        
            serve as a daily technical expert on internal/external projects, lead meetings with project stakeholders, drive thought leadership, and provide project leadership and mentorship to others teammates. work from home job; travel is expected post covid-19. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will resolve new and challenging issues around ecommerce payments and saas integration and design and operate large-scale production systems in the cloud. must have five plus years of experience applying devops practices. 
        
            full-time position. will drive projects, collaborate with team, resolve problems, develop scalable services and process requests. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            full-time remote role will improve processes to maximize efficiency, collaborate with team members, and provide non-clinical answers to patients and applicants. pay is $15 - $20/hour. knowledge of technology tools and operational experience required. 
        
            develop, troubleshoot and implement web applications using front-end libraries, use web development skills in javascript and html/css, analyze business requirements and create diagrams that will represent application designs. remote. 
        
            manage research projects, engage closely with teams to identify and communicate user research insights, conduct research in-person and/or digitally and implement ways to collect feedback. a bachelor's degree is required. remote us-based position. 
        
            remote position will drive strategy/analysis of marketing emails/lifecycle journeys, provide actionable insights for future strategy, drive innovation, optimize emails, and execute on testing ideas. need four years of email marketing experience. 
        
            senior payor performance analyst will develop & maintain payor monitoring dashboards, conduct payor audits & identify process improvement opportunities. five years exp. in managed care revenue plus a bachelor's degree req'd. remote option.
        
            build, lead and oversee a team and be accountable for executing, managing and quality assurance, collaborate with research stakeholders, ensure kpis are actionable and identify improvements in product, operations and technology.  remote opportunity.
        
            search engine optimization specialist needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. bachelor's degree, extensive google analytics and seo knowledge, and four years' experience required. sql proficiency preferred.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include designing & building dashboards & analyses, preparing monthly & quarterly reporting, presenting findings, and providing peer training, coaching, & collaboration. bachelor's degree required.
        
            ensure captc materials align with ucsf editorial and digital policies and research ways to reach target audiences. requires knowledge of applications and the usage of electronic communication tools. remote work will be allowed during covid-19. 
        
            lead growth teams to deliver customer acquisition goals with daily attention to performance of advertising campaigns. minimum 8 years of marketing experience in multi-channel marketing with a proven track record of business growth required. wfh.
        
            remote f/t senior salesforce business analyst needed to collaborate and consult with stakeholders to craft solutions to meet the needs of a rapidly growing sales organization. bachelor's degree and 5 years as a business systems analyst required.
        
            senior engineer needed for a remote position requiring five+ years' professional experience, ror development experience, an understanding of postgres, mysql, and a tech-focused ba/bs. will build and implement apis, review code, conduct tests.
        
            develop apis and integrations for a cloud-based application, build/implement microservices for performance, and perform full software development lifecycle activities. must have 3+ years' software engineering experience. option for remote work.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include developing a software technology roadmap, maintaining & evolving software products, evaluating existing software architecture & platforms, and leading a technical team. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop long-term product strategy and vision, develop technical products, develop product roadmaps, and manage market research. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' experience required. 
        
            remote position for a senior software engineer. will maintain, support and enhance existing systems and platforms, develop technical design, implementation and testing of features, and research new technologies. need a ba/bs and five years of experience. 
        
            support icd-10 use based on the federally released snomed-ct to icd coding map. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience with snomed-ct, preferred. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will architect and implement backend services, test and code review software, and deploy to the cloud-based infrastructure. must have five plus years of professional experience building backend software. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will develop strategic success plans, perform quarterly business reviews, resolve customer issues, and collaborate with product management and engineering. travel 25%. ba/bs degree and 3+ years' account management exp. req.
        
            lead hiring and ongoing support of embedded coaches who work year-round with school partners. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience coaching teachers and leaders. full-time, remote position.
        
            senior project manager needed for a full-time, currently remote position requiring five+ years' project management experience, exceptional planning skills, and leadership ability. will coordinate resources, generate plans, lead teams, resolve issues. 
        
            remote f/t marketing intelligence needed to provide performance reporting, relationship management, and measures of success. bachelor's degree, 1+ years of relevant experience, and ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority req.
        
            full-time position. will support revenue, build relationships, seek opportunities, deliver key results and perform analyses. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. telecommute option. 
        
            seeking a researcher for a remote position requiring an ecology or closely related ba/bs and a strong understanding of ecological model applications.  an additional two+ years' relevant professional experience is preferred. 
        
            work on project teams implementing cloud software applications. must have a bachelor's degree and the ability to take business and technical concepts and express them as potential solution designs. remote with 50-75% travel.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will handle the design and development of major game features, supply input on the end-user product, and identify production risks. must have three plus years of professional software engineering experience.
        
            remote opportunity. will define vision and strategy for features, help develop insights and translate them into hypotheses, tests and features, drive adoption and usage, and recruit, manage and grow team members. need seven years of experience. 
        
            remote role. design products for health technology startup and understand customer requirements, build prototypes and wireframes, conduct user research, and provide feedback to teams. requires 5 years' product design experience. 
        
            partial remote position will build/lead a team, identify/advance partnership discussions, manage/expand relationships with partners, drive execution of deals, and identify/drive engagement with prospective partners. need 15 years of experience. 
        
            develop solutions that are highly innovative, and achieved through research and integration of best practices to support telecommunications. must have 5 years of experience in ccaas environments. full-time, remote position.
        
            telecommuting role for a senior sales analyst. will serve as a sales resource to clients, identify and develop solutions to meet customer needs and requirements, and assist it in implementing new methodology in reports. need a degree and two years of exp.
        
            responsible for developing messaging that is compelling and crisp and creating content for white papers, blog posts, diagrams, datasheets, presentations, and the web. bachelors and five years' experience required. mba preferred. remote option.
        
            the sr. researcher works with teams to conduct ux research on new product features, moderates qualitative research sessions, & provides recommendations. requires at least six years' remote & in-person ux research exp. a telecommute option is available.
        
            upgrade, install, secure and maintain applications and systems, maintain database standards, use change management protocols when making database changes and maintain technical knowledge. 7 years of direct experience is expected. option for remote.
        
            full-time position. will refine processes, document unit testing, communicate issues, build relationships and provide support. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. telecommute. $97,300/yr.
        
            remote position will work with product, insights/design to uncover the next growth opportunity, build/run experiments to iterate on new/existing products, deliver user growth, and new creative templates. need previous experience building products. 
        
            price quotes and analyze the structure of a contract based on claims experience, characteristics of the reinsurance programs. must have a bachelor's degree and 5-7 years of experience underwriting in healthcare. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote role for a research manager. will oversee/track research portfolio, identify/ensure resolution of barriers and bottlenecks, support grant and proposal writing, and manage/maintain research systems and materials. need a ma/ms and three years of exp.
        
            remote position will author technical documentation, ensure accuracy/completeness of work produced, lead a team of writers for a specific project, lead meetings, and interpret validity/impact of customer comments. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            remote position will manage/develop a team, day-to-day assignments, milestone planning, annual reviews, develop/manage meetings, conduct analysis, assist with planning, and develop the handbook pages. need five years of hands-on experience. 
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include proactively contacting members, ensuring the delivery of quality member experiences, responding to inquiries from members, and resolving & following up on member issues or questions. 
        
            seeking an experience associate for a remote position requiring strong problem-solving skills, a strong understanding of ms office and google apps. will answer inquiries, maintain communications, coordinate activities, build business relationships. 
        
            the sr. auditor will help manage a global audit program, coordinate project activities, conduct audits, maintain qa tools, & mentor staff. must have gxp auditing exp. within a clinical trial setting. a related degree is preferred. work-from-home position.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. duties include integrating with various apis & 3rd party platforms, participating in software design & implementation, helping design & create scalable & clean server-side architecture, and participating in code reviews. 
        
            remote position will lead in coordinating/executing of technical activities through customer pre-sales, analyze technical needs, requirements, operations/workflows, and provide a tailored solution. bs degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            candidate will architect the end-to-end platform that will support mlops, communicate progress and plans horizontally and vertically, and lead groups of engineers in solving problems. master's degree and 17 years' systems development exp. req. remote job.
        
            contract, part-time, wfh job for candidate who will support the visual development of teacher and student printed books, plan, design, and produce assets in a range of media, and juggle multiple projects. ba/bs degree and 2-3 years' design exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will administer and support the on-premise kubernetes infrastructure, partake in design reviews of new features, and manage the team ticket queue. must have five years of technical experience managing immutable infrastructure. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will create and design session materials for in-person and remote professional development sessions and copyedit session resources including slides, slide notes, and participation resources. ba/bs degree and teaching exp. req.
        
            senior product manager needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will diagnose issues and make solution recommendations. five years' experience and bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent required.
        
            digital marketing senior analyst is needed for a remote role. he/she will develop, manage, and analyze multi-million dollar marketing campaigns. must possess excellent communication skills. ba/bs degree and prior related experience required.

        
            collaborate with stakeholders, develop and implement relevant initiatives, and create reporting resources and analysis summaries,  bachelor's and 2+ years of healthcare industry, analytics, and medical/pharmacy claims experience required. remote.
        
            optimize and maintain proprietary tools to create content for the game, optimize and maintain game engines, and code in python and c++. a strong mathematics background is needed. 12-month contract-to-hire position. 
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelors' degree and five years' java programming experience. perform object model, concept, design and coding, design and develop rest based apis, and coordinate the development, implementation, insulation of systems.
        
            help shape a client's technology stack and play a key role in the development and implementation of core products. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience shipping code. full-time, remote position for $100-$160k.
        
            remote, contract position for a junior android developer. will collaborate with product design and api teams on mobile banking apps, update applications, and help reimagine digital presence. need 18 months of professional experience. bcs preferred.
        
            client success manager is needed to implement solutions and manage ongoing customer engagement. he/she will ensure timely delivery of software solutions to customers. at least 4 years' relevant experience is required. remote with travel.
        
            full-time job, remote option.needs bachelor's degree and two-four years' work experience as a python developer. use strong technology background, have a great propensity for creative problem solving, join local scrum teams, work with international teams.
        
            the remote software engineer will be helping building out the core platform and developing features for optimizing and automating claim handling. must have full-stack, backend, or frontend development experience. requires a bs degree or equivalent exp.

        
            full-time remote role is responsible for developing, leading and implementing internal security-related initiatives. will collaborate with architects and teams, perform code reviews, and write code. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' relevant experience req.
        
            the growth account executive will be developing & managing a sales pipeline, prospecting, conducting sales presentations, & closing new business. requires a bachelor's degree & two to four years' experience in full cycle saas sales. remote-based position.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs five years' experience in software testing and bachelor's degree. work in alignment and in parallel with development team to drive automation, create and update automation plans, design, code and execute automation scripts. 
        
            remote role. design and maintain software applications, test product features and provide troubleshooting, and meet project timeframes. requires software development experience and strong problem-solving ability.
        
            the remote program manager will work with the team on solution delivery, handle planning & resourcing activities, & conduct project meetings. requires deep knowledge of the cpg/retail industry & at least eight years' program management & delivery exp.
        
            full-time position. will conduct analyses, find solutions, collaborate with team, assist with implementation and maintain compliance. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and software development experience. design and author new content including lessons and projects, review and provide feedback, research educational techniques and research the  learner experience.
        
            enter and maintain high-volume employee records (payroll & benefits). requires full-cycle hr knowledge, familiarity with employment regulations, and related experience. home-based role with benefits & flexible hours; choose full-time or part-time. 
        
            software engineer needed for a remote position requiring two+ years' software engineering experience, a strong understanding of back-end tech, and knowledge of python, go, and javascript. will write and verify code, conduct tests. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will take full ownership over analytics and optimization platform features and work with leading brands, partners, and sales teams to drive capabilities and innovations. four years product management exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            build brand awareness, drive pipeline growth, launch and scale marketing channels, handle channel performance management, and design cross-channel experimentation strategy. at least five years of relevant work experience is req'd. full-time remote job.  
        
            contribute to healthcare analytics to meet quality, cost, and service objectives at a healthcare company. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of analytical/reporting experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            translate bi into solutions that empower business teams with actionable information resulting in improved performance, decision making, and customer offerings. must have a bachelor's degree and 1 year of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will present, promote, and sell products and perform cost-benefit and needs analysis of existing and potential customers to meet their needs. sales representative and it and virtualization experience required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop highly scalable classifiers and tools. candidate should have experience debugging in c/c++ and javascript. 5+ years' relevant experience required. bachelor's degree preferred. 
        
            wfh job for candidate who will perform the background and literature review and write-up for descriptive, trend analysis, retrospective outcomes, and comparative effectiveness studies and write and review proposals. master's degree and 10 years' exp. req.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include managing & optimizing key mobile app acquisition channels, managing channels across android & ios, designing & implementing testing frameworks, and sharing insights.
        
            remote opportunity with travel for a senior consultant, technical solutions architect. will manage and deliver customer projects, build architecture, provide software development, and manage and resolve support requests. need ba/bs and five years' exp. 
        
            software engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will re-platform various older software technologies using c++ and python. must be able to work in an agile environment. prior related experience is required.
        
            collaborate with internal partners across teams to build marketing assets and web content, engage with nvidia engineering teams to understand key value propositions and implement innovative approaches. remote option. 
        
            work-at-home role managing a product team and lifecycle to grow the brand, value, and revenue for the business. create strategy, design and ship features, and develop managers. must have 7 years' project management and 2 years' supervisory experience.
        
            seeking a mid/senior backend developer for a remote contract position. the candidate will assist in the day-to-day coding, design, code reviews, and troubleshooting of production issues. at least 5 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            full-time, temporary, and remote candidate will answer internal support requests in a prompt manner, prepare corporate documentation, and monitor cloud systems. must have a bachelor's degree or equivalent education or experience.
        
            ux researcher is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will understand customers' goals and problems they want to solve. must be able to create a wide variety of solutions. at least 4 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            work partially from home and be responsible for the creation of repeatable automated test cases, create and manage automated test cases, log, triage and communicate known defects and build relationships. oop design principle knowledge is essential. 
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will identify opportunities to develop new and improved privacy-preserving advertising solutions, assess the validity of new approaches, and develop patent applications. must have two plus years of relevant experience.
        
            partial remote job with travel for candidate who will identify potential clients complete appropriate research on prospective clients' business needs, and partner with pre-sales teams to create proposals. 5 years' b2b sales exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            deliver online lessons to undergraduate and/or graduate students in robotics and electrical engineering. must have a doctorate degree and 2 years of experience in university teaching. full-time, virutal position.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs two-three years' experience in product development and experience in design. turn conceptional ideas into realistic product designs that addresses goals, create polished design deliverables, generate production ready designs.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and  five years' work related experience. support payroll operations and tax teams, collaborate with partners, collect requirements, requires expertise in complex payroll and timekeeping.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop and execute enterprise-wide programs to align with de&i initiatives, coordinate program communication, and report progress to stakeholders. must have four years of diversity, equity, and inclusion experience.
        
            software developer will implement features, architect front-end systems, build products/experiences, and manage testing. must have 5+ years' exp with javascript/typescript, html, css, restful apis and es2015+. remote options. 
        
            own ideation, the content calendar, and writing posts for a fintech blog. must have a bachelor's degree and 2+ years of experience in a writing role related to technology. full-time, remote position.
        
            the software engineer will build phone automation solutions, develop chatbots, & fix bugs. candidates will need two or four years' software engineering or related experience depending on educational background. teleworking has been in place during covid.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will build tools, track candidate progress and collaborate with team. 2+ years' related full-cycle recruiting experience required. strong communication skills needed. 
        
            manage communication with employees, stakeholders and customers to ensure our company's technologies are used appropriately. must have a bachelor's degree and 2+ years' experience of working on a cto or other relevant position. wfh contract.
        
            coordinate a cross-functional team to develop and implement strategies for pricing and accelerate revenue growth and improve margins. 10 -15 years of experience in pricing and strong communication skills are necessary. option for remote.
        
            full-time or part-time, remote job for candidate who will recruit respondents via telephone interviews, utilize a database to call consumers and businesses, monitor study quotas, and accurately collect demographic information. hs diploma required.
        
            assist with creating ai-first products, deploy state-of-the-art research papers, work on audio synthesis problems and collaborate with engineers and research scientists. experience with generate deep learning methods is needed. remote opportunity. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage allocated clinical studies according to timelines and quality standards and coordinate activities of departments and vendors involved in the project. three years' clinical project manager exp. req. $120k-$150k/yr.
        
            remote position will develop business relationships with clients, present project vision, architecture/strategy to clients, assist business development with project requirements. bs degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will develop and implement hr technology roadmap and strategy, build relationships, develop process documentation, and perform system configuration. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' exp. managing hr systems req.
        
            manage marketing operations, databases, and lead generation as well as complex analysis. implement processes, run automated campaigns, make recommendations, and manage leads. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of marketing experience. remote.
        
            member experience manager is needed for a remote position. he/she will ensure that quality member experiences are consistently delivered. must be able to refine standard operating procedures. at least 5 years of related experience is required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include building & managing a team of member experience associates, designing, implementing, & refining procedures, overseeing the delivery of quality member experiences, and resolving member support issues.
        
            the product manager will create product roadmaps & strategies, develop product ideas, define business cases, & support launches. requires at least three years' product management exp. & good knowledge of saas products or infrastructure software. wfh role.
        
            seeking candidate with seven years' market research experience to identify new sales opportunities and drive revenue by acquiring new clients and brands and partner with internal stakeholders to achieve successful client interactions. remote job.
        
            the director will lead the creation of core orchestration & cloud products, lead technical product managers, & collaborate on gtm activities & messaging. candidates must have at least a decade of product management experience. remote position.

        
            remote role. develop social media campaigns across multiple channels, analyze metrics to determine content impact, manage spending for department, and collaborate with teams on projects. requires 6+ years' social media management experience & ba.
        
            remote role. manage marketing campaigns and discover new audience opportunities, create copy and web content, analyze performance metrics and provide content testing, and understand industry trends. requires 2+ years' advertising experience.
        
            take the lead on highly visible technical features and work with the product team and designers. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience building web applications. full-time, remote position.
        
            associate technical writer is needed for a remote role. he/she will create and manage how-to articles, developer documentation, and best practices. must possess excellent writing skills. prior related experience required. ba/bs degree preferred.
        
            provide marketing and development teams with valuable insights into customer feedback, traffic, and overall experience to optimize existing products. requires a bachelor's degree with 5+ yrs' exp. or an equivalent combination. full-time wfh role.
        
            remote position will contribute towards the development of platform/mobile applications, develop consumer backends, contribute to evaluation of technology, write unit tests, and participate in technical design. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will participate in code and design reviews, design solutions that provide frameworks and interfaces, and provide post-implementation support to project stakeholders. eight years' web development exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            senior accountant is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will manage daily accounting tasks, prepare reconciliations, and ensure compliance with gaap and far. must be able to prioritize competing projects. prior related experience required.
        
            principal architect is needed for a remote role. he/she will provide architectural mentorship and oversight at a platform level. must be able to provide post-implementation support. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            seeking business analyst for full-time position with the option to work remotely. assist in development of new technical solutions and web apps. must have a bachelor's degree in cs or related, and three to five years of consulting experience.
        
            remote position for a senior software engineer. will build solutions for property and causality insurance industry, develop interactive enterprise web applications, and participate in team-based agile environment. need a ba/bs and five years' experience. 
        
            solution value consultant is needed for a remote role. he/she will design and conduct proofs of value that meets the needs and goals of prospective customers. must be proficient in sql. at least 5 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            be responsible for managing a portfolio of edi implementation projects. must have a bachelor's, 10+ years of experience in project management, and 4+ years' experience in the auto industry. full-time, remote position.
        
            part-time, remote candidate will provide instruction within the psychology field, partake in faculty and staff meetings, and partake in student assessment procedures. must have two years of teaching experience at the masters or doctoral level. 
        
            product implementation director is needed for a remote role. he/she is responsible for the implementation of the company's software for physician clients. must possess excellent analytical and technical skills. prior related experience is required.
        
            lead team-based initiatives to develop, test, and launch new features and capabilities within an existing application. requires a bachelor's degree, java/kotlin proficiency, and 3-6 yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional position with benefits. 
        
            the principal product manager will engage with physicians to determine their needs, prepare a strategic roadmap, develop the product backlog, & mentor product managers. requires at least seven years' product management exp. at a tech company. remote role.
        
            help create effective content to engage sophisticated technical and commercial audiences for ubuntu. extensive experience with linux on servers and on the public cloud is required. full-time, remote position.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a senior product manager. will identify business needs, analyze market dynamics and competition, build business cases, and define vision, strategy, roadmap and metrics. need four years of experience.
        
            remote job for candidate who will build and maintain a world class mobile application that works directly with the company's backend services and external partners. kotlin, rooms, sqlite, git, test writing and quality assurance exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and three years' client relationship management experience.own the execution of communication through the crm platform, interpret business requirement documentation, and set up campaigns.
        
            the remote-based account executive must be able to help create a strategic territory plan, oversee the sales process, and provide customers with advanced analytic solutions. three to four years' experience with business development needed.
        
            guide messaging, content, and gtm programs for the public sector. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience in product marketing, solution marketing, or industry marketing. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel.needs a bachelor's degree and extensive experience in presales.  identify and present to customers how augmented reality solutions can improve processes, and provide daily product expertise during the sales process.
        
            seeking a partner development manager with 3+ yrs of experience in analytical, technology, or startup roles to use company technology to build out the digital marketing and loyalty programs for the world's top brands. position is 100% remote.
        
            collaborate with internal stakeholders on business goals, translate complicated user needs, lead design activities, and participate in ongoing planning of strategic goals. a bs degree and proven ideation/ux strategy experience is desired. remote option.  
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will plan, manage, and direct the creation and revision of product literature and labeling and work closely with project teams to ensure labeling content complies with procedures. ba/bs degree and 4 years' exp. req.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will support processes, operate platforms, provide onboarding support, troubleshoot issues and assist with integrations. bachelor's degree and 6+ years' related experience required.
        
            remote position will be responsible for designing, developing/deploying major game features, own game feature areas from end-to-end, create functional/engaging features, and devise engineering solutions. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            account manager needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is partially remote with some travel involved. will develop sales leads, provide insights, and increase growth. five years' technical sales experience and bachelor's degree required.
        
            be responsible for research leadership and management, partner with design, product, product marketing and business development, and drive research priorities and excellence. requires a four-year college degree. remote option.
        
            determine the suitability of submitted images and create, revise, enhance, and finalize images for use in print and online. must have a bachelor's degree and 35 years of experience in managing a variety of graphics production activities. wfh.
        
            the product manager will lead agile teams, create product roadmaps, design and implement a saas application, and drive platform improvement. product management experience with b2b software is required for this remote-based position.
        
            full-time, partially remote opportunity. responsibilities include analyzing business problems, formulating solutions for business needs, recommending methods of using software systems to resolve business issues, and defining project scope.
        
            full-time partial remote role will assist with software development, document system requirements, and perform business problem analysis. travel 10%. six years' experience as business or product analyst or systems analyst required. 
        
            marketing manager needed for a full-time, remote position requiring five+ years' product marketing experience, familiarity with generating and launching plans and campaigns, and an understanding of conducting research. 
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will generate business leads, secure purchase orders, provide ongoing support and gather referrals. associate's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. 
        
            be responsible for developing client specific total cost of ownership (tco) analysis as well as a tool to estimate tco from company's base offerings. must have 3-7 years of experience including experience in hybrid it and managed services. wfh.
        
            the technical project manager will create budgets & requirements for software development projects, manage team efficiency, & maintain client communications. must have two or more years' experience depending on academic background. remote position.
        
            remote position for a product manager. will own and prioritize a backlog, create business cases for product improvements and optimizations, identify customers' needs and requirements, and identify metrics for new features and services. need previous exp.
        
            team oriented candidate needed for role designing for scalability, launching new projects, enhancing old projects, and implementing new technologies. must have 4+ yrs of experience. master's required. full-time, work at home with limited travel.
        
            responsible for transforming client requirements into automated solutions, driving technical implementation, facilitating communication, and presenting actionable technical documentation. bs required. remote and flextime options. up to 10% travel.
        
            contribute to full-cycle product development for various software solutions. coordinate with stakeholders. a bachelor's degree is preferred. requires extensive technical knowledge and 5-10 yrs' experience. work from home full-time with benefits. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include managing & contributing to the delivery of reporting & analytics solutions, identifying business needs & technical requirements, leading & developing a team of analysts, and setting & achieving goals.
        
            full-time role with remote option. flexible schedule. candidate will collaborate on analyses, support agile campaigning, identify trends and drivers, & analyze results. ba/bs degree and 3+ years' ecommerce experience required. must be proficient in sql. 
        
            full-time position. will analyze results, identify trends, provide recommendations and read test results. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option. 
        
            conduct marketing research and reporting to facilitate successful product planning. requires ms office proficiency, a bachelor's degree, and related experience. full-time, partly remote position with some possible travel. 
        
            leverage analytical and creative methods to reach untapped audience segments and unlock new areas of growth to build an enduring brand. must have 1+ years of work experience in analytics. full-time, remote position.
        
            candidate will build business proformas and drafting written proposals, evaluate and develop financial models, and perform financial forecasting, reporting, and operational metrics tracking. bachelor's degree and three years' fp&a exp. req. remote job.
        
            practice director is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will be accountable for the quality of service related to multiple projects. must possess strong leadership skills. at least 7 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include leading teams toward project completion, establishing key project information, visualizations & schedule, communicating status, and driving risk & issue management. bachelor's preferred.
        
            remote f/t accountability coach needed to create accountability and drive real results for our members through a structured intervention program. coaching experience, 5+ years of professional work exp, computer skills, and ability to work remotely req.
        
            the coaching manager will help create a superior member experience as well as develop and oversee a team of coaches. three years' managerial experience is essential for this work-from-home job opportunity.
        
            telecommute position overseeing a team of coaches in guiding members with healthcare. lead strategy, develop employees, and support great member outcomes. requires 3 years of experience in management and solid coaching and communication skills.
        
            provide exceptional patient and clinical care, review patient intake and offer initial patient interactions, manage daily tasks, and oversee patient progress. an unrestricted license in ca, il, nj, ny, oh, pa, nc, va, il, wa is req'd. part-time remote. 
        
            part-time, telecommute role providing clinical care to patients in the area of weight loss and obesity. coordinate care, review labs, provide a treatment program, and manage progress. requires and md, imlc license, and relevant experience. 
        
            seeking candidate with md or doctoral degree and two years' medical affairs experience to shape and execute the medical strategy for a severe genetic diseases therapeutic area, initiate research projects, and present scientific results. remote job.
        
            partial remote position will act as a key advocate for medical safety, provide medical safety guidance, operational support, new product development/risk management, clinical trial safety, and medical monitoring. md degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            work from home and make client presentation in person or virtually, identify business requirements, facilitate sessions on client discovery, solve client problems and manage projects. 2 - 3 years of enterprise sales experience is required. 
        
            be responsible for maintaining the performance, integrity, and security of the loan originating software and its supplemental systems. must have a bachelor's degree, certifications, and 1-3 years of experience. wfh.
        
            remote position will develop programs/drive adoption, create/maintain global compensation program, be a participant in annual comp reviews in terms of setting structure/process, and assist in design of surveys. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            develop courses for a software development degree. topics include systems analysis, database design, and project management techniques. master's degree required. it related experience and relevant certification preferred. adjunct and part-time role.
        
            develop functional requirements for systems implementations and translate them into functional requirements. previous experience providing program direction and leadership and expert it asset management is required. remote option.
        
            the payment integration expert will be working with team members on platform development and third-party payment tool integration. candidates must have strong javascript skills and sdlc experience involving scalable web apps. remote-based position.
        
            collaborate with teams to improve software products and utilize open-source technologies to build and test new features. remote work. requires 5 years' software engineering experience including 3 years' with java, plus ba. 
        
            remote role, travel required. candidate will create project plans, ensure project implementation is within budget and timeline, and analyze clients' business needs. must have strong experience with a leading real estate software system.
        
            remote job for candidate who will establish product management department within the organization, own the roadmap for several technical products, and improve team sdlc processes. six years' technical product management exp. req. bs degree preferred.
        
            full-time position. will optimize batteries, collaborate with team, draft code, handle a/b testing and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            remote position will provide statistical consulting to clinical study design, review study protocols, write statistical sections, conduct samples size/power calculations, and propose randomization methods. master's degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            telecommute role leading android engineering projects across the tech stack. create, review, and deploy a strength-training app, ensure performance and scalability, and coach team members. must have 3-6 years of experience and a bachelor's degree.
        
            partial remote role will collaborate with industry stakeholders, design & conduct presentations, make recommendations to drive business results, and design and launch new products. some travel. ba/bs degree & 5+ years' energy utilities industry exp. req.
        
            perform recruiting functions to acquire top talent for open technical positions. senior-level position requires 4 years of experience with full-cycle recruiting. software industry knowledge is required. work-at-home position.
        
            seeking a full stack software engineer who has work experience in an agile development setting. candidates need to be skilled in using server-side and modern javascript frameworks. a related bs degree or equivalent exp. is required. remote position.
        
            service support representative needed for a full-time opportunity. this remote position may involve travel. will coordinate appointments and gather property details. three years of experience and familiarity with nice software system required.
        
            perform competitive analysis and customer research to develop business cases and make product decisions, engage with the client support team and identify and follow up on client feedback and concerns. fully remote job. 
        
            remote during the pandemic. he/she will design and develop scalable, reliable cloud platform & services. ba/bs degree and 10+ years' building technology-driven software products required. prior exp. in building saas platforms and applications required. 
        
            the project coordinator will support & monitor market research projects & act as a liaison between project management & recruiting teams. requires one or more years' experience in a market research setting or combined pm exp. the role is fully remote.
        
            senior business systems analyst needed for full-time role with the option to work remotely. responsible for working closely with business and technical teams. must have seven or more years of finance systems experience, and a related bachelor's degree.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a software engineer, backend. will code in go and php, design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve backend system, and manage requirements, deadlines and qualities. need three years of experience. 
        
            remote position for a marketing analyst. will drive campaign planning processes, measure the efficacy of spend across channels, help determine campaign goals, develop kpis, perform analyses, develop insights, and create reports. need previous experience. 
        
            remote-friendly position for a senior product manager. will drive the vision for an online learning platform, lead a team in the execution of a roadmap, help develop product features, and collaborate to ensure product success. need four years of exp.
        
            senior paid search manager is needed for a remote role. he/she will develop, lead, and execute a paid search roadmap. must continually improve and evolve the paid search campaign. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            remote position will manage/lead business development activities, develop prospective clients through strategies, foster/close new clients, formulate sales plan, negotiate rates/deadlines, and educate clients. ba degree required and two years of exp. 
        
            remote contract position will drive the recruiting support through full-cycle hiring processes, create/own the candidate experience, identify process improvement areas/solutions, and oversee hiring pipelines. need four years of recruiting experience. 
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will oversee the project delivery from kickoff to closure, manage teams consisting of implementation engineers, and communicate complex technical issues. must have three years of related experience.
        
            full-time position. will provide solutions, determine procedures, conduct analyses and establish policies. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related lifecycle product management experience required. telecommute. 
        
            engage closely with a team of experts, write solid, engineered code, and serve in a lead role to migrate machine learning-based on solutions. five years of experience and a ms or phd is needed. remote opportunity. 
        
            provide support to the diet service member servicing various product questions and/or issue resolution via inbound calls. must have a high school diploma and the ability to navigate multiple technology systems. full-time, remote position.
        
            partially remote position for a network engineer. will help design and engineer solutions for lan, wan, firewall, telecom, and cloud environments, develop new tools and processes, and manage projects. need a bachelor's degree and five years of experience.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include utilizing advanced analytics to gain insights into member preferences, testing & driving product innovation & enhancement, and developing predictive models. master's required; ph.d. preferred.
        
            full-time position. telecommute. will conduct research, address issues, provide insight, execute tests, drive enhancements and make decisions. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. 
        
            f/t remote advanced analytics consultant needed to gain critical insights into member behavior drivers and preferences, product/program concepts & value propositions, and more. master's degree and 5-10 years in related health care analytics required.
        
            remote role for an advanced analytics consultant. will provide analytical insights, develop and refine analysis templates, help develop and execute tests, and develop customer segmentation and predictive models. need graduate degree and five years' exp.
        
            analyze member behavior drivers and preferences, product/program concepts and value propositions, operational effectiveness and efficiencies, client-specific health gaps, and needs. must have a master's degree and 5-10 years of experience. wfh.
        
            analyze member behavior drivers and preferences, product/program concepts and value propositions, operational effectiveness and efficiencies, client specific health gaps and needs. must have a master's degree and 5-10 years of experience. wfh.
        
            technical recruiter is needed for a remote role to identify and engage top talent. he/she will act as a talent advisor and sme with hiring partners, business leaders, and key cross-functional teams. at least 2 years of relevant experience is req.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. flexible schedule. he/she will be responsible for developing technology solutions, partner with stakeholders, and define product vision. master's degree and 6+ years' product management experience required. 
        
            seeking a crm database administrator for a temporary position with temp-to-hire potential. will perform evaluations, develop and implement solutions, deploy strategy. ba/bs, two+ years' experience with crm admin required. 
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include managing client relationships, determining clients' needs, drafting proposals, budgets, & timelines, planning & directing audits, and creating key performance indicators. bachelor's or mba preferred. 
        
            partial remote position will drive progress/resolution of customer's critical issues, develop/execute of action plans to address critical situations, communicate critical issue status, and manage customer situations. ba degree required and five years exp.
        
            remote manager needed to develop an in-depth understanding of market and competitor intelligence as well as customers' perceptions, behaviors, and preferences. bachelor's degree and 7+ years in competitive intelligence/market analysis/market insights req.
        
            remote position will coordinate with product teams on solutions, collaborate in product design, product management/systems architecture to develop innovative solutions, and market new ideas/evolve them to feedback. need eight years of experience. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will meet revenue goals, work with team, resolve issues, flesh out ideas, build relationships, develop offerings and provide expertise. 8+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include leading product management for a high-performing product team, building solutions that simplify complex market issues, and defining, building, & analyzing metrics. bachelor's required.
        
            partial remote position will conduct software assessments, review development/implementation of security plans/products, process improvements, identify/report on risks, and provide guidance for mitigation. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs one year' experience in outbound marketing and strong understanding of industry. manage a large volume of leads, engage with executives to design, research and execute campaigns and grow sales pipeline, report activity.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include managing & qualifying a large volume of inbound & outbound leads, contributing to the design, research, & execution of campaigns to grow a sales pipeline, & reporting on weekly activities.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs ten years' industry experience and a phd. lead the algorithm development team to research, design and develop methods and algorithims for health applications, and will supervise the development of optimization methods. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will identify opportunities for impact, propose success metrics, develop the product roadmap for automation, and execute initiatives and projects to meet automation goals. experience building ai products required.
        
            deliver on product messaging and vision, sales enablement, and customer acquisition. must have a bachelor's degree and 8+ years of experience in product marketing or related domains. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position. will identify opportunities, collaborate with team, conduct analyses, develop tools and drive improvement. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        
            full-time remote role will develop applications, analyze end-user needs, develop and test software, and develop technical workflows using modeling techniques. bachelor's degree and 3 years' experience required.
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and two years' digital marketing exp. to build digital marketing assets including e-mail, publisher media, and landing pages and track projects and progress in relevant marketing programs. contract, remote job.
        
            salesforce consultant is needed for a remote opportunity. candidate will advise clients on new product features and assist in designing product enhancements. must be able to troubleshoot issues. at least 2 years' salesforce experience is required.
        
            a lead developer is needed to serve as a subject expert on ios. requires 3+ years of relevant ios development experience and an expertise in objective-c, core services, swift and developer tools. 
        
            full-time position. will resolve issues, collect feedback, monitor system infrastructure, develop quality assurance and implement technologies. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. remote.
        
            full-time position. remote. will interface with staff, improve web and mobile apps, optimize client code, implement strategies and iterate based on feedback. 8+ years' related hands-on development experience required. $100,000/yr.
        
            the engineering manager will oversee teams, manage projects, & support technical initiatives. an engineering, cs, or related degree is required. must have a software engineering background & managerial experience. remote candidates will be considered.
        
            seeking remote freelancers who can translate and edit content focused on medical devices. candidates need to have english and dutch fluency and at least three years' translation and/or editing experience involving medical devices.
        
            the ios engineer will implement & extend apis, help develop new features, & implement a great user experience. must have a good understanding of swift & three or more years' mobile app development experience. there is an opportunity to telecommute.
        
            partial remote role will serve as consultant for migrating system capabilities and configurations. will develop system architectures and prototypes and collaborate with product development teams. bs degree & enterprise platform integrations exp. required.
        
            full-time job, mostly remote work. needs five years' industry experience and experience with javascript . put the boundaries on modern front end engineering to build elegant, intuitive web applications, develop innovative interfaces that enable discovery.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will develop cross-platform services and product features, collaborate with mobile development team, and create tooling to deliver mobile notifications. good communication & critical thinking skills req.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will innovate and improve the platform, automate processes, build services and systems at scale, mentor junior staff members, and perform code reviews. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' software engineering experience req.  
        
            serve as a technical leader, assist with defining and building a next-generation platform, and be responsible for defining the architecture and capabilities that support the business strategy of the organization. remote opportunity. 
        
            seeking an experienced archivist who can analyze archival pieces, identify storytelling opportunities, conduct research, & write analytical pieces. an advanced degree in a related area is desirable. this temporary role is remote until at least july 2021.
        
            f/t software engineer needed to develop, design, and test features that enable cutting-edge monetization strategies. college degree and experience in software engineering building web applications required. the position is remote during the pandemic.
        
            remote position will develop/test features, design specifications, scope requirements of components, and participate in all stages of the software development life cycle from design/development to maintenance. bs degree required and demonstratable exp. 
        
            remote position will be responsible for customer-facing tools, develop, design/test features, design specifications, scope requirements of components, and participate in all stages of development life cycle. bs degree required and demonstratable exp. 
        
            help provide care agent tools and chatbot with the intelligence to help care teams and automation to deliver best-in-class service to customers. must have a bachelor's degree and 6 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t marketing analyst needed to collaborate with stakeholders to determine important analytics needed to drive growth. bachelor's degree, 2-4 years in marketing analytics or another quantitative role, and sql and excel fluency required. remote option.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelors' degree and five years' product management experience. own  the product roadmap, build products, tools and analytical systems, and work with product and operation teams to improve effectiveness.
        
            build out messaging and personas, create internal/external collateral and content, strategize, play and deploy product launches and become an expert in the company platform and product. a bachelor's degree and 2+ years of experience are req'd. remote.
        
            will work on designing and developing custom solutions, developing business requirements and specifications, serving as a technical expert, and facilitating business process analysis sessions. 3+ yrs of experience required. option for remote work.
        
            clinical evaluation report medical writer needed for a part-time opportunity. this contract position is 100% remote. will prepare documents. previous experience in a similar role and a solid understanding of medical and surgical terminology required.
        
            build software solutions that are efficient and secure using java, sql, and git. must have relevant experience and understand relational databases and design patterns. flexible hours and remote working options offered along with insurance.
        
            remote senior statistical programmer will deliver technical expertise for the conduct of clinical trials, manage a statistical programming team, and track project resourcing and budgets. must have five plus years of experience with sas programming.
        
            perform software engineering to create mobile applications for sleep innovation purposes. must have 5 years of experience with strong react, swift, and typescript skills. telecommute position with benefits.
        
            full-time position. will lead negotiations, identify opportunities, engage with stakeholders, address risks and build relationships. must have experience expanding business for clients. remote option. travel.
        
            a software engineer is needed for a home-based position. will design/code database, collaborate with engineers, and integrate new features into the system. bachelor's degree in cs and five-plus yrs exp. in the field req. flexible hrs and benefits. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include generating high-quality documentation for web-based applications, publishing weekly release notes for software, writing software documentation, and updating existing docs. bachelor's required.
        
            remote position will lead the design/implementation of next-generation private cloud, transform private infrastructure for global leaders, define micro clouds/edge cluster compute, and leadership of product plan. need software engineering experience. 
        
            full-time position. will maintain codebase, collaborate with team, implement processes, assist with testing and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote option.
        
            javascript developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexible hours and remote option. will lead development of analytics tools. two years' experience building web applications and related bachelor's degree required.
        
            develop gaming algorithms with clear technical documentation and prototypes that demonstrate high-quality results. must have a bachelor's degree and experience in c++ and oo design in a production/r&d environment. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will collaborate with a team of software engineers, turn feedback/insights into ideas for making products/features better, and solve scaling challenges related to growing infrastructure. need two years of professional experience. 
        
            remote role. develop mobile applications for banking clients, collaborate across teams to refine features, and optimize security program. requires 6+ years' android development experience and strong attention to detail.
        
            contract front-end software engineer needed to architect and develop applications for gaming consoles and future flagship devices and services. bachelor's degree and 5+ years of industry experience in a software development role required.
        
            develop enterprise-level application and custom integration solutions including major enhancements and interfaces, functions, and features. must have a bachelor's degree and 7 years of experience in multiple it areas. temp job for $69/hour.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will assess the financial health of existing and prospective customers, help with new initiatives and product offerings in the organization, and perform regular analyses of the portfolio. must have investment-related exp.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include leading the ideation, execution, launch, & maintenance of products, determining customer needs, defining & executing a/b testing, and shipping products on time. bachelor's degree preferred.
        
            serve as senior ux researcher on client projects and help with guiding the work of researchers on your team. must have 5-7 years minimum experience in user research and interaction design. wfh contract.
        
            full-time role with remote option will develop strategy, build product roadmap, implement initiatives, and collaborate with engineering, finance, & operations. 4+ years' product management experience in b2c & 2+ years' mobile product experience required.
        
            oversee and mentor a developer team and ensure adherence to coding and best practices for product delivery, offer tactical technology planning, and conduct code reviews. 10+ years of backend programming experience is expected. remote opportunity. 
        
            sell software products and services to all prospective customers in a territory. requires a bachelor's degree in engineering and direct sales experience. full-time, remote-optional position with required travel to client sites.
        
            remote position will contribute to building automation solutions, help create/implement quality processes/requirements, automate complex test suites, develop test libraries, and identify/communicate risks. bs degree required and ten years of experience. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs bachelors' degree and three-five years' work related experience. develop deep understanding of the customer experience, derive insights through analysis and will translate into actionable recommendations. 
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with staff, build relationships, define requirements, mentor team members and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. telecommute. travel.
        
            the paid search specialist will support marketing initiatives and own google paid search program management. this contract position is remote and requires four or more years' paid search experience. a bachelor's degree is also required.
        
            be responsible for creating research plans, moderating research studies, leading the analysis/synthesis of a research project at every stage of the product life cycle. must have project management experience to execute research. wfh.
        
            responsible for monthly reporting templates/visualizations, statistical analysis, & performance improvement strategies. requires an accredited bachelor's degree in a relevant field. at least 1 year of web-based analytics experience preferred. 100% remote.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will manage financial and operational management products, build relationships, serve as business advisor to clients, project timelines, and develop strategies. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' experience required.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will help drive strategies for user acquisition and retention, oversee projects in the revenue operations group, and provide business partners with insights. must have four plus years of analytical experience.
        
            develop technical documentation for software products, create social media content and training videos, and support user communities. remote role with occasional travel. requires software engineering experience and strong understanding of sql.
        
            full-time position. will provide application support, interface with team, coordinate software releases and develop schedules. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. telecomute. 
        
            integrate the application with all required systems and services and provide clean api for the frontend part of the system. must have a bachelor's degree and experience as a backend developer in common languages and frameworks. wfh.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will develop campaigns, maintain performance metrics, execute strategies and conduct discovery meetings. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. 
        
            responsibilities include writing and editing content, managing approvals, collaborating with product managers and engineers, and managing contributed articles. five years of experience required. there is an option to work remotely.
        
            lead the monitoring and optimization of marketing metrics. prepare insightful reports that support business strategy. requires strong analytical skills, sql knowledge, and 8+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time with benefits. 
        
            seeking a system application developer for a full-time, work-at-home opportunity. will write code, build mobile applications, and participate in code reviews. must have exp. in java and a bachelor's degree. flexible hours and benefits. 
        
            seeking a senior planning analyst to handle analytical and administrative tasks. a bachelor's and 4 years of marketing, business development, or planning experience are required. remote option.
        
            be responsible for the design solutions that shape the guest experiences for a modern mode of housing. must have 5+ years of experience in product design with a ux-centric portfolio. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs extensive experience in solutions consulting and  bachelor's degree. train internal consulting team, cover technical knowledge on our disruptive solutions, perform new hire onboarding and certification, demo framework. 
        
            remote position will lead the growth marketing team, media investment, channel diversification, testing/operations, drive the strategy/execution of performance marketing campaigns, and implement tracking tools. need eight years of experience. 
        
            full-time, partially work-from-home position. will present solutions, interface with staff, conduct discovery calls and maintain industry knowledge. master's degree preferred and related experience required.
        
            full-time, temporary, remote job. needs a bachelors' degree and five years' work related experience.  elicit requirements from business teams, translate requirements into technical requirements, develop personas and match capabilities and requirements.
        
            full-time, temporary position. 100% remote. duties include gathering requirements, translating business requirements into technical requirements, identifying & managing issues, and creating user-facing documentation. bachelor's degree required.
        
            analyze financial issues related to budgeting, planning, and process improvements. support strategy, forecasting, best practices, and risk management by providing insights and recommendations. work flexible and remote hours with unlimited vacation.
        
            write and test code to add new scalable features and improvements to company products, and proactively troubleshoot as needed. requires ba, 4 years' of software development experience, and programming language proficiency. 
        
            remote position will ensure what is being built is in alignment with stakeholders, work with internal/external user's tools, onboarding, performance management, learning/development, and support. need two years of experience. 
        
            design user experiences from the ground up for new products or improve existing products. minimum of 5 years professional experience delivering user experiences for software required. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, telecommute position. will collaborate with team, provide advice, assist with integration, complete estimates and articulate details, must have related aws and gcp experience. $150,000/yr. 
        
            identify/optimize opportunities and effectively handle the day-to-day tactical execution across the channel to drive growth, engagement, and retention at scale. must have 8+ years managing end-to-end media campaigns. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t remote senior associate of people operations needed to manage project staffing and budgets to optimize business outputs, costs, and staff development. bachelor's degree, 4 years of experience, and proficiency in ms office and google suite required. 
        
            establish communication lines with investigators and administer study training, develop a relationships and oversee activities onsite during every project phase. requires previous experience. work from home; must be able to travel as needed. 
        
            work with a development team to evaluate and enhance a portfolio of gis products. requires a bachelor's degree, familiarity with multiple programming languages, and 2+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote role with travel.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will conduct analyses, implement algorithms, improve search quality, index schemes and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. 
        
            remote position. provide technical support to clients, troubleshoot issues and debug products, create technical documentation, and provide implementation support for customers. requires 5+ years' software development experience and sql skills.
        
            monitor a service request ticketing system and other customer correspondence. provide customers with product information and assistance. requires a bachelor's degree, high-level detail & organization, and 2-4 yrs' exp. work from home full-time.
        
            the sr. cloud technical account manager will offer technical guidance, help build solutions, & create strategies to drive service adoption among customers. must have at least seven years' technical engineering exp. this virtual role requires some travel.
        
            seeking an associate production support analyst for a position with the option for remote work. will assist users with access questions, provide training and guidance to users, and log all incoming queries and requests. need a ba/bs and two years' exp.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs five years' experience leading social media campaigns and exceptional writing skills. develop strategy for social media program, write and publish content on a daily basis, and will create calendars and weekly reports. 
        
            remote position will test hypotheses/implement product improvements, build frameworks, operate live-service activity to optimize player engagement/retention, and plan/guide the deployment of investments. need five years of experience. 
        
            remote in pandemic. support design and user research projects, understand user requirements, collaborate with quality analysis and developer teams, build prototypes and mockups for web and mobile projects, and ensure scalability of products. requires ba.
        
            remote position will create robust/scalable website features, design/maintain reusable components, detect issues, identify root cause, develop fixes, design auditing to prevent occurrences, and enhance products. ba degree required or equivalent exp. 
        
            the ux designer will design user experiences for educational applications, develop prototypes, and present wireframes and mockups. this position is remote and requires that candidates have at least three years' design experience.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will develop business objectives, create strategies, interface with team and serve as advisor. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required.
        
            partial remote position will conduct audits by analyzing outputs from reporting tools to uncover issues, offer recommendations, implement changes, update webpages, execute new page builds, and identify opportunities. ba degree required and five years exp.
        
            frontend engineer needed for a full-time, remote opportunity. the ideal candidate will have expert-level knowledge of node, typescript, modern react & redux, & working knowledge of mongo db;  prior experience working as part of a remote team preferred.
        
            work from home and perform gap analysis, conduct review meetings on business processes, write functional design specifications and assist with architecting solutions. 3+ yrs' of relevant work experience and training users remotely and on-site is req'd.
        
            ensure exceptional customer service is provided while working in a docker and kubernetes environment, work across teams and plan and prioritize work. expert level linux administration skills are needed. full-time remote job.
        
            seeking a radiologist for part-time, remote, and contracted position. candidate will provide radiological interpretation services for research and development efforts. must have two plus years of post-residency or post-fellowship work experience.
        
            part-time, remote role. provide consultation for care management teams, recommend treatments and maintain patient documentation, and participate in service review and training. requires md, state license and dea license, plus board certification.
        
            work with your pod (design and engineering) to execute on the roadmap and launch high-quality products. must have worked for 5+ years in product management or growth capacity at a technology-driven org. full-time, remote position.
        
            work with creative teams and stakeholders to establish and implement effective strategies for web-based marketing and outreach. requires full-cycle agile knowledge, high-level creativity, and 10+ yrs' experience. full-time role with remote options. 
        
            participate in design and code reviews with several internal teams and ensure solutions meet enterprise standards, develop architecture, and influence implementation. remote opportunity. 
        
            seeking senior network engineer for full-time role with the option to telecommute. lead the design, development, integration, and testing of new software. must have a related bachelor's degree, and 7 to 14 years of software development experience.
        
            partial wfh job for candidate who will create and execute marketing programs, innovate and deliver fully integrated campaigns and set goals and define metrics for each campaign. five years' b2b technology marketing exp. and ba/bs degree req. 25% travel.
        
            drive a professional services platform's new customer experience product vision, strategy, and roadmap. must have 5+ years of product management experience driving product adoption and business growth. full-time, remote position.
        
            telecommute role leading a team in building anti-money laundering software for financial institutions. requires 3 yrs of product owner experience and strong scrum, jira, and confluence skills. a bachelors degree and good presentation skills are needed.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will define architecture, develop platform and application strategy, build relationships with cross-functional team members, and develop technical design and code reviews. ba/bs degree and 10+ years' experience required. 
        
            remote role for a staff software engineer, backend. will help develop methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for projects, help conceptualize and build new features, help resolve issues, and develop/implement tests. need a ba/bs and seven years' exp.
        
            full-time, temporary position. will maintain industry knowledge, interface with staff, design solutions, refine queries and make decisions. bachelor's degree and related experience required. remote option. $42/hr.
        
            be responsible for conducting pre- and post-award protocol, country and site feasibility assessments. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of professional experience in clinical research and/or drug development. full-time, remote position.
        
            collect and analyze project requirements, engage with functional, engineering and production teams to create innovative solutions, write project proposals, and support the sales team through the sales life cycle. fully remote job.
        
            senior manager sought for a full-time, remote position responsible for coordinating and managing projects, building business relationships, assisting training sessions. relevant ba/bs, exceptional leadership and organizational skills required. 
        
            collaborate with development leads, lab management, and other developers to complete deliverables and tasks, design and develop new features and solutions and write maintainable and testable code while receiving and giving feedback. option for remote. 
        
            remote position will develop new products/features, ensure the operation of new product features, and provide technical input to the team for planning, design/requirement process for new product/features. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            remote position will identify/capture opportunities, address risks at strategic/tactical levels, renew/expand revenue by leading the contract renewal processes, identify new opportunities, and address needs. need ten years of experience. 
        
            work on developing features which allow users to express themselves and build bonds with other readers and creators. must have 4 years experience as a pm working on consumer web and/or mobile applications. full-time, remote position.
        
            duties include creating and relating stories about product offerings, representing the company at conferences and exhibitions, and establishing rapport with clients, customers, and the team. 5 years of experience required. east coast-based position.
        
            be responsible for owning and developing the product roadmap and vision for high-visibility products that will enable creators to grow a brand and collaborate with engineers and designers. four years of experience is desired. full-time remote position.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop, manage, and implement customer account strategies, manage customer retention, and develop account growth. 4+ years' experience in a consulting role & good time management skills req. travel 40%.
        
            ten-month contract role managing a commercialization project in a remote capacity. must hold a bachelor's degree in a related field of study. experience of 5 to 7 years is required. need to have ability to influence and knowledge of supply chains.
        
            work with managers to identify staffing needs. fill wide-ranging technical roles through full-cycle recruiting. requires full-cycle hr knowledge, interpersonal skills, and 3+ years' experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            the part-time mentor will support students by answering their technical questions & giving feedback on projects. must be qualified to help students studying azure app development & deployment, json, & azure cli commands. the contractor will work remotely.
        
            seeking a virtual mentor who has c++ skills & technical knowledge of self-driving cars & autonomous systems. will be addressing students' technical inquiries & giving feedback on their project submissions. this contract position has part-time hours.
        
            people analytics manager is needed for a remote role. he/she will identify opportunities for research to drive strategic decisions and process changes. must be able to provide technical expertise to researchers. master's degree and prior related exp req.
        
            senior product analyst is needed for a part-time remote position. he/she will manage and track the status of products throughout the project lifecycle. must be able to build dashboards for monitoring product health. prior related experience required.
        
            finance manager is needed for a remote position. he/she will manage a broad array of financial analyses necessary to inform key business decisions. must possess strong analytical skills. ba/bs degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            write technical documentation on behalf of external developers, write code examples, create sample applications, learn complicated technical information and serve as a subject matter expert. west us based position. 
        
            in need of a remote technical recruiter who has two or more years' experience. responsibilities include conducting intake sessions with hiring managers, sourcing & presenting talent, managing the candidate experience, & negotiating offers. 

        
            remote in pandemic. support audit teams and understand project requirements, maintain documentation and regulatory reporting, and communicate with leadership about research. requires 4 years' compliance or audit experience, and ba.
        
            security consultant is needed for a remote position. he/she will be the trusted advisor of clients for microsoft-specific security technologies. must possess good communication and presentation skills. prior related experience is required.
        
            temporary, contract role with the option for remote work for a senior statistical programmer. will generate analysis datasets and figures, perform quality control, and help program and test utility programs and tools. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will support the analytical needs by developing and delivering analytics infrastructure, support internal stakeholders, and translate business needs into deliverables. must have three years of experience and a bachelor's. 
        
            candidate will write code that enhances frameworks, participate in project proposal, architecture, and design, oversee technical maintenance, and perform design and development.. 7 years' software engineering exp. and bs degree req. optional wfh job.
        
            work with managers and hr professionals to identify staffing needs. conduct candidate outreach, screening, and on-boarding. requires full-cycle recruiting knowledge, ats proficiency, and 5+ yrs' experience. full-time role with remote options. 
        
            develop and implement audit plans, analyze program results, and execute quality standards and processes. must have a bachelor's degree in biology, pharmacy, or a related area and 10+ years experience. full-time position with a remote option. 
        
            the sr. product manager will oversee the roadmap & strategy for the assigned product line, develop product solutions, manage projects, & mentor & lead team members. requires five to eight years' software product management exp. remote job opportunity.
        
            the virtual wellness coach will deliver live workshops, develop content, & support members' behavior changes. seeking a tech-savvy candidate who has coaching & customer or member service experience & a passion for healthy living. part-time role.
        
            the ux design team lead can have the option to work from home. will mentor small team of designers, help improve procesesses, and collaborate with other teams. must have a relevant bachelor's degree and at least 8 years of web/mobile design experience.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree and three-five years' work related experience.implement and optimize lead nurturing programs, develop targeted lead generation programs to generate marketing qualified leads through contact.
        
            develop the foundation software for the company's platform using java. must have a bachelor's degree, two years of software engineering experience, strong java skills, and knowledge of indexing and search methods. work from home benefits.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will help with the implementation and delivery of security protocols, support strategic risk management initiatives, and develop security awareness training material. must have 3+ years of exp. with security risk mgmt. 
        
            leverage frameworks and problem-solving skills, develop solutions to client-related business problems, conduct market research, design custom analysis using various proprietary software and collaborate with clients. 3 yrs' of experience is needed. 
        
            freelance, remote position. responsibilities include participating in scrums comprised of cross-functional teams, ensuring that features are delivered efficiently, and participating in architectural design & review. bachelor's degree required.
        
            remote, freelance position. manage coding, design, and improvements of website using html and css. will also collaborate with teams to implement user feedback. requires ba, 2 years' web design experience and programming language proficiency.
        
            remote position will collaborate for the design/development of the product, create overall concepts for the user experience, ensure all interactions are easy for customers, and design the aesthetics. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            remote position will design/implement new user-facing features, balance efficient code with functional aesthetics, define, design/ship new features, troubleshoot issues and create/execute unit tests. ba degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            full-time position. remote during pandemic. will communicate initiatives, draft content, translate information, pitch concepts and develop campaigns. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. 
        
            remote position will communicate with product managers to define product requirements, design/implement products, requirements analysis, product design/design documentation, design reviews, and bug fixing. ba degree required and seven years of exp. 
        
            lead project kick-off calls, ensure team members receive project status reports, build relationships, collaborate across several internal teams and serve as the voice of the company. 2+ years of relevant working experience is needed. remote. 
        
            full-time position. will build relationships, achieve results, share knowledge, draft code, promote best practices and provide expertise. 4+ years' related software engineering experience required. remote option. 
        
            provide polish/english translation services in the medical field. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience in the translation of medical and pharmaceutical texts. home-based freelance role.
        
            join a team of hebrew into english medical translators. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience in the translation of medical and pharmaceutical texts. home-based, freelance position.
        
            lead finance content development and execution within verticals across the website, social channels, ad networks, and partner sites. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of editing experience in a fast-paced digital environment. wfh.
        
            remote position for an associate editor. will copyedit and fact check content across owned and social channels, monitor and analyze content performance, optimize content impact, and manage and mentor a team. need a ba/bs and three years of editing exp.
        
            edit personal finance content across owned and social channels to scale the audience reach and engagement. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of editing experience in a fast-paced digital environment. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include recording & filing employee information, maintaining employee records & files, assisting with leave administration & benefits administration, managing projects, and providing reports. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will manage the growth and development of a team of analysts and engineers, assist with complex business issues, and conduct analyses that shape the strategic direction of the company. must have 8+ years of analysis experience.
        
            senior software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will be responsible for building and maintaining apis and services. six years' related experience and strong analytical skills required.
        
            full-time position offering flexible work hours. responsibilities include serving as an expert in a specific domain area, building creative solutions to business challenges, proactively identifying problems, and promoting technical best practices.
        
            remote position will lead the ideation, development/launch of innovative products, own product strategy, ensure periodic review/refresh of the strategy, research/evangelize the needs of community, and grow a team. need ten years of experience. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will be responsible for regulatory compliance and approval for medical products globally. will manage clinician review and write clinical evaluation plans and reports. travel 10%. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' exp. req.
        
            identify growth, efficiency, and strategic opportunities for the content platform business, and help drive execution. must have 3+ years of management experience in areas such as management consulting, investment banking/private equity, etc. wfh to start.
        
            manage daily paid and search marketing activities across several search engines, assist the abm and target account strategy and execution and monitor keyword bids. a bachelor's degree is required along with previous work experience. remote contract. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include designing & implementing automated processes, implementing & automating security controls, and designing, building, & maintaining automation tools. master's preferred.
        
            be in charge of designing, implementing, and managing enterprise system integration projects. must have a bachelor's degree and 2-3 years of experience working for a saas company. full-time, remote position.
        
            ensure the business operates professionally and compliantly, engaging talent and creating a best in class culture. must have a bachelor's degree and 5-7 years of experience in hr. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include collaborating with hiring managers to build & execute recruiting processes, building a pipeline of top talent, determining, prioritizing, & meeting hiring needs, and refining & optimizing processes.
        
            senior project manager needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexible hours and option for remote work. will be responsible for executing and monitoring high-value projects. project management and leadership experience required.
        
            ten years of ecommerce experience are required for the vp of merchandise and marketplace. must have a relevant bachelor's degree. will onboard new sellers, lead teams, and manage vendor relations. remote work options are available.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include creating services running on kubernetes, building & running secure, reliable, & performance distributed services, and contributing to team design reviews. 6+ yrs' experience required.
        
            develop and manage email marketing strategies, segment databases, develop personalized campaigns to drive prospects, partner with sales and ensure email campaign strategies are aligned with sales. work from home.
        
            full-time position. will work with team, identify opportunities, make recommendations and optimize features. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option. 
        
            will work on managing local/regional physical and virtualized servers and san infrastructure, supporting local voip phone systems, managing all end-user software, training help desk technicians, and other tasks. occasional remote work and travel.
        
            remote flexible position will own relations with clients, meet or exceed client expectations on deployments/projects, drive value of products/services, educate/establish goals, and enhance product development. need four years of experience. 
        
            clinical research associate/senior clinical research associate needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. some travel involved. responsible for site monitoring. bachelor's degree and related experience required.
        
            six years of recruiting or sourcing experience are required for the senior talent manager. you will handle the full recruiting cycle, search for technology roles, and ensure an excellent candidate experience. option for remote work.
        
            senior systems manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she will evaluate and optimize the business process and technology for higher productivity and efficiency. must possess excellent communication skills. prior relevant exp is req. remote for now.
        
            remote position will configure/maintain lists, dashboards/other model settings, identify business requirements, process design, and define support procedures/supporting implementations within the platform. ba degree required and three years of experience.
        
            the sr. product manager will be owning the website roadmap & strategy, defining products & features, & leading cross-functional groups. must have exp. with developing onboarding systems as well as utilizing user funnels to support growth. remote role.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will gather information from all identified subject matter experts to understand the scope, use cases, stories, and functional requirements of the feature set. ba/bs degree and 5 years' business analysis exp. req.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. conduct seo audits by analyzing outputs from reporting tools, update web pages and exercise new page builds, identify opportunities to optimize site.
        
            partial remote position conduct audits by analyzing outputs from reporting tools to find issues, update webpages, execute new page builds, identify opportunities, analyze site performance, and make recommendations. ba degree required and five years exp. 
        
            partial remote position will lead point of contact for providing strategic insights, prepare regular competitive/market updates for presentation, participate in initiative to support synergies, and analyze dynamics. bs degree required and seven years exp.
        
            plan, execute, and help scale ad measurement implementations. must have a bachelor's degree and 2+ years of project management experience in martech/adtech saas organizations. full-time, remote position with flex hours.
        
            seeking candidate with seven years' consulting exp. and ba/bs degree to partner with clients to analyze and define business requirements, processes and objectives and be actively involved in customer implementation projects. optional wfh job; 40% travel.
        
            the sr. software engineer will be working on a surgical asset management application, supporting team initiatives, and conducting testing. requires three years' experience and strong knowledge of c#, react, and asp.net core. work-from-home opportunity.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs  bachelor's degree and two-five years' oracle cloud infrastructure experience. deploy and provide ongoing support of cloud storage and back-up, develop, implement and oversee policies and procedures and review systems.
        
            supports strategic planning and drives the execution of marketing qualified leads, serves as a liaison, assign resources and drive agility in the execution of defined plans. requires a bachelor's degree and 7+ years of experience. work from home. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will collaborate with product, research, and engineering teams to implement projects. will develop and improve a shared product design language. salary is $159k - $187k/year. ba/bs degree required. 
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, facilitate background checks, assist with onboarding and conduct exit interviews. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        
            part-time, partially remote position for a studio wellness coach. will help recruit new members and retain current members, facilitate workshop experiences, provide personalized coaching and content, and facilitate member interactions. exp. preferred.
        
            part-time job, some remote work. travel. needs experience in health, wellness and has social media and tech savvy.develop an inclusive, engaging and action oriented community, exemplify ownership mindset, shares content in an audio workshop experience.  
        
            work-at-home role designing instructional content and curriculum for sales technicians. create processes, implement systems, and maintain all of it. must have 2 years of experience with solid technical, analytical, and presentation skills.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will gather requirements, draft design specifications, analyze plugins, determine phases and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. travel. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will manage the front end architecture, provide technology and design suggestions to executives, and partake in user experience design. must have 3+ years of experience in the design of component-based architectures. 
        
            partial remote job with 15% travel for candidate who will coordinate with developers and project managers to gather requirements and incorporate enhancements and new reporting builds for the reporting suite. ba/bs degree or 12 years' experience required.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. travel. serve as an advisor to customs to understand their vision and challenges, work with enterprise architecture and governance teams, identify sales.
        
            full-time position. will communicate results, identify opportunities, provide updates, interface with staff and adapt strategies. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. partially remote. 
        
            seeking candidate with four years' relevant media exp. to provide actionable insights to optimize market spend, perform media budget planning, forecasting, performance insights, and reporting, and analyze specific performance kpis. remote, temporary job.
        
            searching for a remote business intelligence analyst with a bs and 3+ yrs of direct experience to help consumers improve energy usage by improving appliance efficacy. will also need 2+ yrs in looker or similar and advanced sql skills are required. 
        
            software development engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be remote during the pandemic. one year of experience in a similar role, bachelor's degree or equivalent work history, and software development skills required.
        
            the manager will ensure the company complies with privacy laws, maintain compliance reporting, & support personal information management. requires at least five years' experience. must have a related bachelor's degree or equivalent exp. remote position.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will drive growth, create dashboards, implement systems, make recommendations and verify files. bachelor's degree preferred and 4+ years' related experience required. 
        
            telecommute role managing performance marketing efforts, creating reporting, and developing client strategies and recommendations. support metrics development, train junior team members, and create reports. a degree and experience are required.
        
            remote position will lead the marketing strategy/optimization for gaming applications, develop key performance indicators, dashboards to track, manage reporting, and identify opportunities/develop solutions. need proven experience. 
        
            optional wfh job for candidate who will own the full cluster lifecycle of all the company's foundationdb clusters on both public clouds and private kubernetes deployments and establish robust reliability engineering. master's degree and 2 years' exp. req.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and three-five years' analytics experience. help build and shape the analytics team, work with stakeholders with marketing to produce impactful insights and will own performance reporting.
        
            engage with several clients and ensure the success of large analytics implementations for various platforms, serve as a trusted analytics resource and develop customer reporting segments and views. strong excel skills are necessary. remote.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will support development of logic models, organizational performance management processes, and indicator development. master's degree and several years of public health experience required. 
        
            full-time, contract position. wil perform analyses, interface with team, produce client deliverables, convert business problems and communicate insights. must have related python, c++ and spp experience. telecommute. 
        
            seeking a growth hacker for a freelance, telecommute position coordinating appointments, researching industry trends, coordinating programs, developing and implementing strategy. one+ year relevant experience required. 
        
            provide consulting services in a remote capacity regarding workday integrations. meet with clients and develop solutions that meet their needs. remote role with travel required. must have a bachelors degree in a related field.
        
            remote flexible position will conduct architecture trade studies, assessments, prototyping, develop cloud architectures/solutions, conduct capability assessments, and develop cloud migration strategies. ba degree required and 15 years of experience. 
        
            associate software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be remote during the pandemic. will drive software development cycle and make improvements. related bachelor's degree and java programming experience required.
        
            full-time position. remote. will resolve issues, create strategies, collaborate with team, develop new designs, advocate for user needs and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and related experience required.
        
            lead project kick-off calls, ensure team members are kept up-to-date, consult and partner with clients, serve as the brand voice and handle challenges as needed. 2+ years of experience and proficiency in ms office suite is needed. remote position.
        
            remote position will manage existing campaigns, optimize daily performance across scaled campaigns, meet company goals/benchmarks, evaluate tests/experiments, and own issues/provide quick solutions. ba degree required and two years of experience. 
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs five years' experience as product designer and experience as a generalist. work on strategic design, interaction and visual design to solve problems and craft amazing experience, work with research and content strategy.
        
            full-time 5+ month remote role. he/she will design, develop, and support oracle cc&b application extensions and batch programs. bachelor's degree and development experience using ouaf required. experience with ready api and eclipse required.  
        
            product manager is needed for a part-time remote opportunity. he/she will understand the needs of the users and lead the strategy and implementation across all business areas. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required. 15-20hrs per week.
        
            full-time position. will interview job candidates and provide industry-specific expertise. 5+ years' related hands-on coding experience required. strong communication skills needed. flexible schedule. telecommute. 
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, provide feedback, interview job candidates and provide industry-specific expertise. 5+ years' related hands-on experience required. telecommute. flexible schedule. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will provide predictive, fair, and enjoyable interviews to software engineering job candidates including software development managers and freelancers covering the full technology stack. five years' hands-on coding exp. req.
        
            remote role, with flexible schedule. provide interviews and screening for job candidates, understand hiring requirements, and provide excellent experience for all candidates. requires 5+ years' software engineering experience.
        
            remote job for candidate who will serve as part of a community of experience software developers that helps provide fair, predictive, and enjoyable interviews to software engineering job candidates. five years' software engineering experience required.
        
            virtual role, flexible scheduling available. interview and screen candidates for technology positions, understand job requirements, and provide answers to applicant questions. requires 5 years' software development experience.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, provide feedback, interview job candidates and meet business needs. 5+ years' related hand-on coding experience required. flexible schedule. work from home. 
        
            virtual role, flexible hours available. provide interviews and screening of applicants for technology organization, and ensure applicant questions are answered. requires 5+ years' software engineering experience.
        
            remote role, flexible hours available. interview candidates for technology and software positions, and ensure job postings are accurate. requires 5+ years' software development experience and understanding of computer fundamentals.
        
            seeking candidate with five years hands-on coding experience and interviewing experience to help provide the most predictive, fair, and enjoyable interviews to software engineering job candidates including development managers and freelancers. remote job.
        
            virtual position, flexible scheduling available. provide interviews and screenings for candidates of software engineering roles. requires 5+ years' software development experience and strong understanding of it fundamentals.
        
            remote job for candidate who will help conduct predictive, fair, and enjoyable interviews in software engineering, interviewing using the karat approach and interviewing infrastructure in a variety of roles. five years' hands-on coding exp. req.
        
            join a team of turkish into english medical translators and provide freelance translation and interpretation services. a degree and at least two years of translation experience are needed. remote freelance position. 
        
            full-time remote role will manage content development and implementation, copyedit articles, manage team of staff and writers. bachelor's degree in writing major and 3+ years' editing experience required. experience with seo best practices required. 
        
            full-time remote role will manage content development and implementation, manage team of freelance writers and staff, analyze content performance, and fact-check and copyedit articles. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' editing experience required. 
        
            lead content development and execution within verticals across the website, social channels, ad networks, and partner sites to grow audience adoption and engagement. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience editing. wfh.
        
            remote job for candidate who will contribute to the company's product by building new functionality, take part in daily agile ceremonies, advocate for the company's highest code quality and ownership. ba/bs degree and automated test experience required.
        
            writer/editor will generate and develop content ideas, write copy, perform edits, manage and support teams, maintain brand consistency. must have a writing-focused ba/bs, one+ year experience in editing, and an understanding of seo best practices.
        
            f/t remote writer/editor needed to write and edited content across owned and social channels to scale our audience reach and engagement. bachelor's degree in a writing-intensive major, 1-2 years of editing exp, and impeccable writing skills required.
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and one to two years' editing experience to write and edit content across owned and social channels, manage a team of freelance writers, and analyze content performance to optimize reader impact. remote job.
        
            develop wide-ranging content for web and social media pages. ensure alignment with branding tone and intent. requires seo knowledge, a bachelor's degree, and 1-2+ years' experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            writer/editor is needed for a remote opportunity. he/she will lead the content development for social channels, ad networks, and partner sites to grow audience adoption and engagement. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            write and edit content across owned and social channels to scale a car ownership platform's audience reach and engagement. must have a bachelor's degree and 1-2 years of editing experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote job for candidate who will write and edit content across owned and social channels, monitor and analyze content performance, and manage and mentor a team of staff and freelance writers. bachelor's degree and 1-2 years' editing experience required.
        
            work cross-functionally to conduct effective modeling and reporting to support the pharmaceutical development process. requires an ms degree or higher, ms office proficiency, and related experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            product safety/regulatory compliance analyst needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is partially remote. will be managing systems and making recommendations. bachelor's degree in a related field and three years' experience required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will work with developers to improve the ux on all web properties, create experiments that create seamless user experiences, and educate campaigns to utilize digital tools. must have experience managing web properties. 
        
            remote position will drive the technical evaluation stage of the sales process, key technical advisor to the sales team, work with product management/engineering teams, and serve as a vital product advocate. ba degree required and experience. 
        
            helps win new business, architects microsoft solutions, manages client engagements, and provides thought leadership. must have experience with project leadership, pre-sales activities, and relevant microsoft technologies. option for telecommuting.

        
            contribute to the maintenance, expansion, and scale of a cybersecurity platform. significant experience with dynamic languages, agile methodologies, test-driven development, and distributed systems required. full-time, remote position.
        
            candidate will implement new features in the company's products, develop and evaluate image processing and machine learning algorithms and enhance tracking and augmented reality capabilities. object-oriented programming exp. req. flexible schedule.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will research and write articles and email newsletters, produce podcasts, develop educational content, and develop school information pages. podcast production and writing and editing experience required.  
        
            own the development, strategy and execution of campaigns for customer lifecycle marketing to drive repeat sales, build loyalty and set a productive organizational structure. at least 7 years of marketing experience is needed. work from home opportunity. 
        
            senior finance manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she will drive business decisions through effective analysis and communication with senior management. must possess strong analytical skills. prior relevant experience is req. option for remote.
        
            the sr. research manager will support prospect & client relations, oversee research & evaluation projects, & manage & train staff. qualified candidates have at least seven years' project management or research experience. this is a remote position.
        
            manage multiple research projects for new-product development. maintain research timelines, budget, and workload distribution. requires mentoring skills, full-cycle research knowledge, and 6+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional position. 
        
            work with clients and creative teams to optimize digital presence and marketing campaign effectiveness. requires strong interpersonal skills, bi tool/ms office proficiency, a ba/bs degree, and 3+ yrs' exp. full-time, remote role with benefits. 
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. candidate will manage full-cycle recruiting, assist with implementing recruiting strategies, and source top talent for tech positions. 2+ years' recruiting or sourcing experience required.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs both front end and back end experience. will be working on three areas of the site, work on wrapping up v1 of the product, get ready to start v2, take ownership over certain areas of the product, andwrite your own code.
        
            seo analyst is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will oversee and develop projects that increase the organic visibility of the company's website. must possess superior analytical skills. ba/bs degree and prior related experience req.
        
            seeking a remote-based full stack developer to join an agile team and support and build responsive web applications for critical health it solutions. the ideal candidate will have direct experience developing server-side applications. 
        
            remote flexible position will develop top-quality applications, assist clients in making decisions/choose the best solutions, mentor less experienced developers, improve internal processes, and contribute to projects. need two years of experience. 
        
            temporary position will lead the requirements management efforts for projects, devise/execute a plan for assigned projects, take ownership of the business analysis role, and identify/understand stakeholders. bs degree required and six years of exp. 
        
            lead efforts for engineering on a new financial service, engage with other teams and build methodologies and the framework to develop an engineering team. requires 5+ years of software engineering experience is needed. full-time remote job. 
        
            remote position. will design and implement new stream processing operators, improve performance, scalability, and elasticity of core stream processing technology, design solutions, and provide technical guidance. need a bachelor's degree.
        
            full-time remote role. the engineer will be responsible for building and implementing scalable, sql-based processing technology. bachelor's degree, strong experience in distributed systems development, and proficiency in java or c/c++ required. 
        
            oversee the development of technology infrastructure engineering, business process reengineering, system modernization, architecture, and design. must have 5 years of experience deploying scalable processing systems. wfh to start.
        
            the sme will act as a principal authority for digital products & give technical support to programmatic demand clients. must have three to five years' exp. in a digital advertising, mobile, agency project management, &/or related environment. remote role.
        
            the customer success manager will act as a trusted advisor, own relationships with biopharma clients, and support product/service implementation and onboarding. requires solid project management skills and at least two years' work experience. remote role.
        
            analyze training needs, collaborate with kubernetes experts to develop engaging learning experiences and conduct training delivery. a deep understanding of technology in cloud native is needed. remote job: travel is required. 
        
            contract remote position will provide support to students by responding to technical queries,, provide technically accurate answers, and review project submissions/provide feedback. need experience in code review, threat modeling, and setup devices. 
        
            the remote mentor will respond to students' technical questions, review projects, and provide feedback to students. seeking independent contractors with backgrounds in security architecture, linux security, and network security. this is a part-time role.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will develop software solutions using java technologies, analyze software requirements, and develop product strategy. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' relevant work experience required. 6+ years' java experience required. 
        
            the lead engineer will help translate requirements into software solutions & lead a team. requires strong javascript & c++ skills, an understanding of core web technologies, & experience mentoring developers & making technical decisions. remote role.
        
            produce research content for internal and external consumption and grow the team's brand awareness at a bitcoin exchange. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            freelance, temporary position lasting 6 months. will start out working remotely. responsibilities include designing high-quality, scalable applications, estimating, prototyping, & tasking, and contributing maintainable code to a shared codebase.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will build stronger connections between customers and doctors through the platform, facilitate virtual engagements, and create a personalized user search experience. must have exp. developing in a major programming language.
        
            looking for an experienced clinical operations manager to remotely oversee clinical study projects, budgets, and clinical metrics. will have an as plus 2 yrs experience in the pharmaceutical or medical device industries. advanced medical degree preferred.
        
            manage strategy/vision/delivery of high-impact products for hosts, define & measure goals/success, create roadmaps, lead cross-functional groups, & represent us at events w/customer interaction. requires 10+ years' in product management. remote position.
        
            work with stakeholders, customers, and development teams to identify and mitigate issues in k-12 assessment products. requires a bachelor's degree with 3+ yrs' exp. or an equivalent combination. full-time, partly remote role with possible travel.
        
            contract, remote position for a scrum master. will lead one or more development teams, utilize feedback, facilitate retrospectives and ceremonies, remove impediments, help maintain backlog, and provide status updates. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include managing relationships with biopharma clients, meeting or exceeding client expectations, establishing key performance indicators, and helping customers achieve their goals. 5+ yrs' experience required.
        
            coordinator needed for a full-time, flexible, remote job responsible for overseeing the full-cycle recruitment process, conducting screenings and interviews, answering inquiries, coordinating events, generating strategy plans. two+ years' hr exp required.
        
            remote position for a senior product manager, technology. will identify analyst, engineer, and user challenges and needs, create product vision, features and roadmaps, and define kpis, objectives, requirements and success criteria. need five years' exp.
        
            professional will develop a knowledge base of industry trends, identify partner opportunities, nurture relationships, and drive partner surccess. must have a ba and 5-8 years' exp in sales or similar. flexible schedule, remote position. 
        
            own, manage, and grow a customer intelligence platform's api partner/client relationships. must have a bachelor's degree and 3-5 years of customer success (client-facing role) experience. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            f/t senior software engineer needed to take an idea from concept to technical design to implementation to testing to measurement. bachelor's degree, full-stack exp, expertise in oop, and exp with sql/relational database design req. remote during pandemic.
        
            brainstorm with several internal staff members, create quality results by leading to cross-functional projects, own systems or features to define long-term health, mentor other engineers and review code. requires a bachelor's degree. remote.
        
            f/t ux design manager needed to create user experiences that people love to bring exceptional service to our customers. bachelor's degree, 4 yrs experience in ux, and proficiency with design software required. the position is remote during the pandemic. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will write course descriptions and course learning outcomes, create high-quality content such as web resources and video lectures, and write teaching guides. must have three years of experience with trauma-sensitive practices.
        
            the it asset manager will handle it procurement requests, oversee large software renewals, & direct staff. this contract job will be remote during the covid response. must have seven to 10 years' it infrastructure, it asset management, or related exp.
        
            remote position serving in a senior capacity designing learning experiences for university students. develop courses and implement programs. a bachelor's degree and 5 or more years of relevant experience are required. flexible, mostly east coast hours.
        
            option for telecommuting. temporary candidate will handle the preparation of documents that support the publication needs of assigned therapeutic areas, and conduct scientific writing. must have a clinical or research background.
        
            work cross-functionally to ensure accurate and effective product automation within client businesses. requires multi-language programming proficiency, familiarity with cloud-based solutions, and related experience. full-time, remote optional role.
        
            partial remote role. provide online instruction to students, communicate with families about progress during term, provide grades and feedback to students, and occasionally attend school events. requires ba, state teaching license, and ability to travel.
        
            full-time position. will maintain security measures, conduct reviews, perform gap analyses, collaborate with team and adhere to requirements. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            the director will develop a strategic roadmap, oversee it projects, & lead an it team. requires at least a decade of it domain experience with four or more years' exp. managing it operations & staff. due to covid, a remote option is available during 2021.
        
            remote in pandemic, full-time. lead organizational development initiatives, oversee performance management and workforce planning, and provide coaching to junior team members. requires 10 years' experience including diversity and inclusion campaigns..
        
            remote position will lead the ongoing design, implementation/refinement of programmatic strategy, ensure alignment, refine direct programming, define success goals, and track progress against metrics. master's degree preferred and 15 years of exp. 
        
            help develop and implement an ongoing editorial calendar in addition to building and publishing content on both the website and our intranet. must have 2+ years of content marketing coordination and publishing. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will define and drive the execution of security product strategies and work with a team of security research engineers to develop a roadmap of web application capabilities. must have five plus years of product management exp.
        
            the chief of staff will address complex business problems, define business strategies, & oversee programs for company-wide initiatives. must have at least seven years' relevant experience in analytical & operating positions. the position can be remote.

        
            full-time position. will assist with hiring, discover solutions, coach team members, manage budget, collaborate with staff and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and related experience required. work from home. travel.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a vice president of enterprise technology. will help develop, communicate and execute strategies and roadmaps, manage budget and vendors, and build and lead a team. need a ba/bs and 15 years of experience.
        
            engage with stakeholder groups, manage project timelines, solve issues with quality, serve as the expert on an abm program, and identify industry abm trends while incorporating campaigns and strategies. office at home.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a manager, people analytics, global talent selection. will lead a team of psychologists and research scientists, and execute, guide and support selection assessment and research. need ph.d and five years' exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will originate and execute strategic analyses that inform key business and product decisions, perform ad-hoc analyses, and implement needed infrastructure to support ongoing operations. 2-5 years' analytics experience required
        
            partial remote position will provide consulting services to clients, lead the creation/promotion of digital solutions, collaborate/cultivate client digital strategy ideas, and determine solutions/use cases. ba degree required and seven years of exp. 
        
            executive-level training consultant needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is partially remote with frequent travel involved. will be responsible for designing and delivering inclusion workshops. experience in a similar role required.
        
            the sr. full-stack php developer's duties include creating new features, testing & troubleshooting core product software, & integrating back-end systems. at least five years' software development exp. with php required. work-at-home options available.
        
            work from home and be responsible for designing, documenting, implementing and unit testing using java, handle relational database structure, identify, present and administer personalized information and write programming scripts. 
        
            senior software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be remote during the pandemic and may offer option for continued remote work. five years' experience writing c/c++ or c# code required. bachelor's degree preferred.
        
            research, info gather, and write and/or edit complex technical documents to meet contract requirements. must have a bachelor's degree and 4-7 years of experience. full-time, remote position in the dc metro area.  
        
            serve in a technical role and be responsible for implementation activities. previous scrum experience and 5+ years of experience in software engineering and recent java+ spring is desired. work remotely from home during cdt or edt. 
        
            full-time position with remote option. will collaborate with team, conduct code reviews, share knowledge, handle process improvements and provide feedback. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            full-time position. will communicate strategies, define standards, promote improvement, work with team and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            advertising strategist is needed for a full-time remote role. he/she will ensure that each client's advertising campaign is efficiently created. must be able to proactively suggests improvements. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            the software product analyst must be able to design systems & processes, determine customers' requirements, assess business models, & define business solutions. five or more years' experience is required. this position will be remote only during covid-19.
        
            remote position will develop communications, supervise client reports, work with clients to solve strategic/copy issues, execute projects, and contribute to the long-term vision of the brand. prior managed markets experience preferred. 
        
            translating instructions for use, user manuals, and/or product descriptions in the medical/pharma field from finnish into english. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years' experience in the translation of pharmacovigilance texts. wfh contract.
        
            spanish into english medical translators needed for a freelance remote position. bachelor's degree required and two years of experience in the translation, editing, or qa of medical and pharmaceutical texts. 
        
            remote position for a staff product designer. will define and solve problems to create experiences, help identify new opportunities, create and test directions, and help deliver solutions. need 15 years of experience in product/user experience design.
        
            remote role. manage client services teams and analyze performance metrics, support improvement initiatives and understand department goals, provide coaching to staff, and develop account management strategies. requires call center leadership experience.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will prepare sketches, perform architectural framework, document client meetings and conduct field observations. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required.
        
            provide guidance on dynamics 365 fiance modules and demonstrate domain expertise. 7+ years of software development and dynamics crm is needed along with hands-on experience and a bachelor's degree. part-time remote job. 
        
            remote senior software development engineer needed to build the back-end services that help customers find what they need to take their businesses online or extend their online presence. bachelor's degree and 3 years exp in software engineering required.
        
            help provide new solutions and enhancements to an industry-leading, fda-regulated healthcare software suite. must have a bachelor's degree and 7 years of programming experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote contract medical translator needed to translate medical content from portuguese into english. degree in translation or related technical degree, english native, and 2 years of experience in the translation of pharmacovigilance texts required. 
        
            translate foe norwegian/english texts for medical and healthcare industries. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years' experience in the translation of medical and pharmaceutical texts. home-based freelance role.
        
            f/t business systems analyst needed to listen to and support our customers' needs and translate these to accurate requirements. 5-7 years of continuous sdlc experience and experience creating complex sql queries required. remote during the pandemic. 
        
            remote opportunity for a cloud engineer. will build and improve tools to deploy, manage and monitor cloud resources, help improve security, resiliency and scalability of microservices, and design and develop solutions. need modern cloud architecture exp. 
        
            responsible for review of user content/image uploads, email/phone support of customers, terms of service violation notifications, and payment assistance. remote w/home office & broadband requirements. includes possible evenings/wknds/holidays.
        
            wfh job for candidate who will develop webhooks and api integrations within the company's marketing technology stack and develop and maintain responsive, dynamic email templates using html and css. ba/bs degree and 6 years' marketing automation exp. req.
        
            be responsible for understanding the sales operations space and applying a product management lens to improve agent experience. must have 5-7 years of product management experience with a passion for technology. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will meet business goals, collaborate with team, create plans, contribute to processes and mentor engineers. bachelor's degree and 10+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. 
        
            design beautiful, intuitive experiences and interfaces that make the shopping experience as seamless as possible. must have 5+ years of product design experience and product design experience of e-commerce products. wfh.
        
            remote role for a paid search media manager. will maintain platform certifications, build, execute and optimize campaigns, create ad copy and extensions, enable machine learning and automation, and monitor performance. need a ba/bs and three years' exp.
        
            provide leaders, handle activity planning, leadership and daily direction as required, analyze business practices, provide management oversight, assess various groups and make recommendations for risk mitigation strategies. remote. 
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' digital product management experience. own product vision, strategy, development and execution digital products, manage team of designers, provide development opportunities and feedback.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include owning product strategy, development, & execution, creating, managing, & delivering a digital product roadmap, setting measurable objectives, and optimizing performance. ba/bs in a quantitative field preferred.
        
            develop and manage project plans, perform risk management, interface with engineering teams and provide technical project leadership. must have experience in the management of agile projects and leading cloud migration projects. home-based opportunity.
        
            senior app developer is needed for a remote position to manage project app development. he/she will define scope, design, write technical specifications, and build public health applications. bachelor's degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            remote role. analyze market trends & determine competitive landscape, support business expansion and participate in research, monitor sales goals and provide presentations for stakeholders, and support fundraising campaigns. requires 3 years' experience.
        
            responsible for managing internet and intranet activities, conducting usability audit and support development, troubleshooting and resolving content migration errors, and other assigned tasks. 5+ yrs of experience required. remote during pandemic.
        
            oversee business intelligence and cross media strategies using visualization, analytics, and other knowledge. manage client relations, develop and run campaign metrics. remote, full-time, temporary position with flexible hours.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include owning & delivering program strategy & execution, overseeing core operational processes for a talent team, identifying & implementing process changes, and managing a portfolio of projects & programs.
        
            work cross-functionally to ensure smooth, full-cycle clinical research operations. requires familiarity with gcp regulations, strong communication skills, and related experience. temporary contract position with benefits. work from home full-time. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and ten years' work related experience. provide technical leadership and mentorship to the broader team, and work with teams to take an idea from concept to technical design to implementation testing. 
        
            work from home and manage software systems and network connections while ensuring high levels of security and availability, participate in support capacity planning and create strategic goals for software and systems. temporary assignment. 
        
            develop performance enhancements and new features in the proprietary python in-memory database. strong understanding of the software development lifecycle is required. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position. will translate customer needs, drive use cases, collaborate with team, conduct research and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            the growth engineer will build email marketing campaigns, improve communications platforms, & measure campaign performance. must have experience creating & executing large email marketing campaigns. travel ability is required. the job is remote.
        
            full-time job, remote option.needs five years' software development experience and a master's degree is preferred.lead, mentor and develop a talented and growing team, design, implement and optimize machine learning algorithms and features, work on c++. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will write clean, robust code to implement the desired requirements, contribute to code reviews and team processes, and perform race detection and concurrency optimization. web development and software packaging exp. req.
        
            remote role for a mobile developer, react native. will help design, implement, test and deliver customer-facing mobile applications, help manage and estimate size and complexity of features, and ensure quality of system and features. need one year of exp.
        
            remote role. conduct research, understand infrastructure requirements, support capital planning, oversee projects, and understand supply chain & manufacturing requirements.  requires ba and 15 years' facilities and construction management experience.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will assist with design, coding, testing, and debugging of new and current software, recommend system enhancements, and develop technical documentation. some travel. ba/bs degree and 5+ years' exp. required. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. role will provide technical & logistical support including site evaluation, activation, and initiation. will coordinate irb submissions, submit regulatory documents, and manage case report forms. ba/bs degree preferred.
        
            full-time position with work from home option. will prepare documents, communicate site approvals, collaborate with team and perform follow-up. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will be responsible for supporting operational activities related to site evaluation, activation, initiation, and monitoring for assigned investigator sites and studies. 2 years' clinical site management exp. req.
        
            improve the platform's browsing experience, quality of search results, and the way buyers and sellers communicate. must have experience applying machine learning techniques in addressing real-world problems. full-time, remote position.
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and three to five years' javascript experience to work alongside development and product managers to deliver quality solutions and design and develop software in enterprise-class web languages. remote job.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. candidate will write and edit articles, infographics, podcast scripts, and video. will manage writers and freelancers & write and approve story pitches. 7+ years' experience as writer, editor, and manager req. 
        
            receive, register, and provide clinical service support to the requests or problems coming in from all channels and communicates solutions or actions. must have a master's degree, mdcb certification, and 3 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t manager needed to lead the execution of integrated marketing programs that communicate our distinct approach to product traceability in nutrition and beyond. bachelor's degree, 4 years of exp, & presentation skills req. remote during the pandemic.
        
            research scientist needed. full-time and work from home. take part in distributed systems research. study potential improvements and work with development team to turn research into implementations. master's degree in cs required.
        
            perform computer networking activities, develop systems/protocols, and support implementations in this full-time, remote role. must have a bs or phd in a relevant field, or have equivalent practical experience, and a programming background.
        
            full-stack developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. will be responsible for building and supporting web applications. three years' experience developing applications and working with node.js required.
        
            full-time position. flexible schedule. will participate in peer reviews, collaborate with team, maintain database and implement services. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related software development experience required. 
        
            the remote copywriter will develop advertising and marketing concepts, conduct research, and craft effective messages and stories. must have four to eight years' medical/pharmaceutical marketing and advertising experience in an agency setting.
        
            lead the team of business-unit cfos to each function, guiding and supporting their investment decisions and the financial health of their functions. must have 10 years of experience  in investment banking, operations, management consulting, etc. wfh.
        
            responsibilities include managing medical writing activities, ensuring the scientific accuracy of communications, & providing expertise for regulatory submissions. must have pharmaceutical/biotech exp. related to clinical research. remote opportunity.
        
            remote role. support product develop teams, analyze market trends and create product roadmap, assist with marketing and messaging, and assist sales teams as needed. requires 2+ years' product management experience and previous software development work.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will make recommendations, support activities, prepare reports, monitor budgets, assist with implementation and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and related experience required.
        
            remote opportunity for a senior product marketing manager. will lead and execute product marketing strategy, develop, execute and optimize campaigns, and help refine positioning, segmentation and messaging strategy. need five years of experience. 
        
            senior biostatistician is needed for a remote position. the candidate will apply knowledge of statistics, statistical programming, and pharma regulations to drug development projects. master's degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            full-time remote role will develop feature documentation, research and write new and existing content, and collaborate with cross-functional teams. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' experience in technical writing in software development company required.  
        
            prepare or contribute to preparing pharmacokinetic method validation and reports on bioanalytical sample analysis for internal customers and/or external clients. 6-month contract. remote work allowed during covid-19. 
        
            duties include collaborating on content strategy & creating thought leadership & educational content. must have a bachelor's degree & exp. in a financial educator, investment journalist or writer, or investment research analyst role. remote opportunity.
        
            translate business requirements and processes into current/future capabilities, collaborate with technology and business teams to define future roadmaps, states and roadmaps and partner with it teams in the design of high-impact solutions. remote. 
        
            candidate will help develop the security awareness program, aid in the collection and analysis of cyber threat intelligence reporting, and develop new security awareness campaigns. must have three to five years of it security exp. option to work remotely.
        
            develop and implement studies to unearth new opportunities for growth at a kids' subscription box service. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience in a comparable market research role. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote role will write and edit learning articles, collaborate with engineering, product, & marketing teams, produce videos and write scripts, & assist in developing training curriculum. ba/bs degree & 3+ years' technical writing exp. req. $55k - $70k/yr.
        
            remote position will manage/lead projects through development, performance optimization, day-to-day project support, communicate project status, review project team deliverables, and manage project risks. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            remote position will be a contributor to development practice, write code, optimize code, analyze/build solutions, build software, construct software, and address technical debt. bs degree required and six years of experience designing/building apps. 
        
            remote position will be a contributor to development practice, write well-documented code, optimize code for quality/performance, analyze/build solutions that solve problems, and engineer for simplicity. bs degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            remote role. flexible schedule. candidate will develop and present demos to customers and executives. 3+ years' saas enterprise software sales engineering experience and 2+ years' programming experience in html, css, and javascript required. 
        
            seeking an erp implementation consultant to plan & lead implementation of the company's erp software for clients, manage projects, & provide training to clients. at least five years' exp. req.; related bachelor's degree a plus. option for telework.
        
            systems administrator will develop security monitoring and other tools, assist with technical issues, gather system requirements, and diagnose and recover from hardware and software failures. master's preferred. full-time with remote option.
        
            create and maintain websites and applications for the college and be responsible for security updates for lms. will meet with clients and determine requirements. option for remote position with an annual salary of $54,242 - $62,378/yr. 
        
            full-time position with flexible hours and the option of remote work. duties include creating & improving a suite of tools, overseeing features from specification to shipping, and writing high-quality, testable code. strong communication skills required.
        
            develops software for network infrastructure lifecycle automation, builds a proxy layer between kafka & customer clients, & creates services with kubernetes. must have experience with public clouds & large-scale system building & operations. remote job.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will develop innovations that support the platform scalability. will improve existing products and manage upstream and downstream dependencies. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' software design/development experience required.
        
            partner with engineering leaders to solve problems at scale and build efficient and simple platform components. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems required. full-time, remote position.
        
            leads design activities across core web user experiences, conducts experiments and user research, and helps establish website architecture. must have experience in driving product direction and delivering outcomes. work-from-home option available.
        
            write clean, maintainable ios applications in objective-c and swift using the latest ios programming techniques. must have 7 years of experience architecting and implementing scalable ios applications. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity offering flexible scheduling. responsibilities include writing clean & maintainable ios applications, owning projects from design through to deployment, and deploying features. bachelor's degree required.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include facilitating communications between frontend & backend development teams, assisting a development team in removing roadblocks & answering questions, and documenting requirements. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will coordinate and conduct medicare part c/d bids analyses, track the performance of the product line against the budget, and develop the bid pricing model. must have work experience in managed care. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include participating in the planning process to build a marketing strategy & lead generation plan, managing & leading campaign plans, and achieving kpis for campaign & budget targets. bachelor's required.
        
            collaborate across teams to maintain infrastructure and design product features, provide patches and troubleshooting for issues, and provide product testing. partial remote role with occasional travel. requires ba and understanding of ubuntu.
        
            duties include managing a client services team, monitoring performance metrics, & driving process improvements. requires at least five years' client-facing experience in customer service & three or more years' exp. leading client-facing teams. wfh role.
        
            design and deploy advanced features for the distribution platform using cloud-native & containerized microservice architectures. must have director- or senior-level engineering experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the technical integrations developer will be creating automation and process improvement solutions as well as fixing systems issues. at least three years' experience with web-based architecture is required. this is a work-from-home job opportunity.
        
            handle troubleshooting, project management, and ongoing customer support regarding healthcare claim submission. must have a bachelor's degree and 3-5 years of related experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will interface with staff, deliver consumer insights and execute product development. must have related end-to-end experience. strong communication skills needed. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will understand customer requirements and translate into software architecture and development requirements and design and deploy appliance customization software. ba/bs degree and 2 years' web development exp. req.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will serve as a software engineer for a team that develops tools and automations for technical support and engineering. three years' development exp. and one year exp. supporting public/private cloud assets req.
        
            work from home and configure, support and maintain storage area networks, monitor network performance and ensure compliance with security protocols, uptime and slas. a bachelor's degree and 2 - 5 years of experience is desired. limited travel expected. 
        
            work at home and maintain network infrastructure technology, support and maintain storage area networks, monitor network performance and ensure compliance with slas and security protocols. a bachelor's degree is required. limited travel is expected. 
        
            remote position with potential for limited travel for a network engineer. will configure, support and maintain storage networks, perform maintenance, patches, updates and changes, and monitor network performance. need a ba/bs and two years of experience. 
        
            full-time, remote role with limited travel required. candidate will monitor network performance, configure and support storage area networks, and identify and assess network issues. must have two to five years of relevant experience.
        
            full-time, temporary position lasting 1 year. 100% remote. responsibilities include determining customers' needs, triaging critical issues, troubleshooting customer systems, and resolving routine product complaints. hs diploma or equivalent required.
        
            full-time position. will make recommendations, maintain industry knowledge, perform code reviews, drive improvement and incorporate new tools. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            f/t remote contract bilingual copy editor needed to edit and proofread elementary ela curriculum and other materials in spanish. bachelor's degree, professional english proficiency, and native or bilingual proficiency of the spanish language required.
        
            remote, contract position. will assist with clean-up efforts, provide support, collaborate with team, adhere to guidelines and other projects as needed. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required.
        
            support the deployment, management, and extension of knowledge management programs for a veterans support organization. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of relevant technical writing experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will find passive talent nationwide using various sources, conduct initial screening conversations to generate interest, and build strong candidate relationships. must have eight plus years of full cycle sourcing experience.
        
            lead on the creation of technical features, assist the team with complicated problems, create architecture, ship complicated projects, own products and more. requires a bachelor's degree and 10+ yrs of experience. fully remote job.  
        
            be a subject matter expert in the product's technology stack and an owner of significant components of the code base. must have a bachelor's degree and 8+ years of experience building web applications. full-time, remote position.
        
            telecommute position providing screening services for adult long-term care patients to determine functional abilities. perform screens, complete documentation, and provide summaries. must have a ba/bs or nursing degree and some experience.
        
            serve as a key contact for customers and provide assistance and support by email, web serving, and phone with biotech company products. a hs diploma is required. entry-level remote temporary job lasting one year with a salary of $22-28/hr.
        
            provide deep domain and technical expertise in embedded software design, and design and implement connectivity solutions. must have a bachelor's degree and 7+ years of software development experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will collaborate with team, create account strategies, build relationships, deliver revenue targets and assist with action plans. 3+ years' human resources experience required.
        
            provide technical help desk support for the company's proprietary educational software and systems. must have a high school diploma and 1-2 years of customer service experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            senior ios software engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will build and maintain a world-class mobile application that works directly with backend services and external partners. prior experience with objective c or swift required.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs bachelor's degree and two years' accounting experience. investigate and identify issues as they arise, communicate with banks to understand discrepancies, reconcile bank accounts, track and ensure the accuracy of loan service.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs bachelor's degree and experience with distributed systems and scalability. lead background engineering efforts from rapid prototypes, leverage and build cloud based systems to detect targeted attacks, mentor other developers.
        
            seeking a principal enterprise solution consultant for a remote position. will craft enterprise proposals to sell portfolio of products, respond to rfps and rfis, gather requirements, provide guidance and feedback. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            remote role for a lead full-stack engineer. will translate requirements/mockups into websites, manage a team of developers, solve technical problems, communicate solutions, perform code reviews, and provide feedback and mentoring. need five years' exp.
        
            define requirements as part of a team, design software, and build/execute tests. full-time role with the option to work remotely. must have at least 2-6 years' software engineering, development, or testing experience. 
        
            full-time, remote job. duties include conducting research that contributes to the strategy, design, & development of all web & mobile products, creating innovative products & features, and providing strategic recommendations based on customers' needs.
        
            remote position for a technical customer support engineer. will communicate with customers via email and online web calls, answer user questions, report and troubleshoot problems, and develop and deliver usage reports. need a ba/bs and relevant experience
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and six years' experience as a product manager. work with engineering and design teams to ship new and impactful features, work with product marketing and customer success, write specs, and manage projects.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs three years' work related experience and a bachelor's degree. assist in sop development and review, provide regulatory input to product lifecycle planning, and will continue to revisit and compare regulatory outcomes.
        
            optimize the capital structure of pl, work with term loans, manage risk to create comprehensive tools, deploy systems, and own crypto custodian and trading relationships. 10+ years of experience in the global treasury is required. remote opportunity. 
        
            implement user and feature experiences, architect reusable front-end systems, build experiences and products, and put tracking, testing, and monitoring in place to ensure the website operates as expected. option for remote. 
        
            email marketing specialist is needed for a remote role. he/she will create, develop, and execute demand generation and nurture campaigns. must possess stellar communication skills. at least 4 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            help build out and improve a next-generation aviation software platform involving large-scale distributed systems, real-time services, and apis. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of engineering experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            the sr. consultant will support customer implementations, validate requirements, & address issues. requires a university degree & five to seven years' experience with sap scm execution or ewm implementation. heavy travel is possible with this remote role.
        
            remote opportunity for a project manager. will manage and coordinate process requirements, collect, analyze, manage and report metrics, budgets and status, manage documentation, and identify and manage risks and issues. need a ba/bs and 10 years of exp.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and experience in a product management role. manage agile product development process from a product management point of view, drive the execution of product lifecycle processes, and develop strategies.
        
            remote position will set vision/goals, set/lead the evaluation strategy, prepare relevant updates to key partners, serve as an ambassador at meetings/events, focus the team on key priorities, and projects. master's degree required ad five years of exp. 
        
            work with several internal teams and ai-related customer stakeholders to drive customer advocacy, platform adoption, customer contract renewals and customer health. work remotely - occasional travel to customer locations is needed. 
        
            the sr. product manager will own products & services, set the product strategy, & create product roadmaps & requirements. must have domain knowledge in us healthcare & at least three years' exp. in product/service development & shipping. remote role.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. $90k - $150k/yr. duties include designing & developing tools to auto-generate new attack content, performing end-to-end testing of attack tools, and developing new attack content based on requirements.
        
            maximize growth of a retained and active user base via scalable tactics, optimize consumer products, deliver kpis and build compounding growth loops. strong leadership, analytical and quantitative skills are vital. option for remote.
        
            the product manager will lead a team, gather requirements, implement products, & deliver content engagement using email marketing systems. must have at least four years' advanced exp. with email marketing automation tools. work-at-home option offered.
        
            help a streaming service increase its impact on the music industry by ensuring it is delivering a trustworthy product. must have a bachelor's degree and substantial experience in user research in a product development environment. wfh.
        
            full-time position. will determine implementation designs, provide leadership, review solutions and give guidance. bachelor's degree and 6+ years' related experience required. telecommute during pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, conduct analyses, optimize processes, identify opportunities and provide expertise. 5+ years' related management experience required. remote during pandemic.
        
            implement optimal processes, tools, and metrics, redesigning work and helping startup teams accelerate. must have a bachelor's degree and 3-5 years of working experience in fast-paced environments. wfh.
        
            senior product counsel needed for full-time role with the option to work remotely. requirements include a jd degree and membership in at least one state bar, and seven or more years of applicable experience.
        
            a director of brand marketing is needed to collaborate with stakeholders, oversee the growth of the brand, and develop marketing strategies. bachelor's degree and seven yrs' exp. in management marketing required. remote with benefits. 
        
            create, scope, and specify innovative features, and shepherd them through development for a solar solutions company. must have experience in a consumer product role and delivering features at scale. full-time, remote position.
        
            manage the successful delivery of integration projects for a leader in business spend management. must have a bachelor's degree and 7+ years' experience in systems applications consulting. full-time, remote position.
        
            the remote-based director will own the demand generation strategy, execute marketing programs, and provide guidance on handling leads. at least a decade of demand generation experience in a fast-paced environment is required. 
        
            remote position will drive the overall demand generation strategy, track leads paid media initiatives, forecast results advocated for resource prioritization, identify customer segments for targeted programs. need five years of experience. 
        
            support the organization responsible for providing a platform used by product engineering teams to build global-scale communications services. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years experience as a product manager. wfh.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and eight years' work related experience. work to take an idea from concept to technical design, define requirements in order to integrate solutions with the platform, advocate for new tech.
        
            design, execute and analyze research that informs a streaming service's music curation, podcast creation, and content marketing efforts. must have 1 to 3+ years of demonstrated experience in market research. full-time, remote position.
        
            work on team-based initiatives to develop and optimize technical solutions in finance. requires extensive technical skills, a bachelor's degree, and 7+ yrs' experience. full-time role with benefits and flexible hours. work from home during pandemic.
        
            remote f/t senior director of product marketing responsible for setting up the overall strategy for promoting product and service offerings to ensure early usage, deep adoption, and student impact. bachelor's degree and 10 years of experience required.
        
            remote position will navigate a cloud environment with moving pieces/systems, design/implement features/services for business logic, write rest apis on the back-end, and implement document generation. ba degree required and demonstrated experience. 
        
            own and drive initiatives across marketing automation, attribution and enablement. must have 5+ years of product management experience working with growth or marketing teams. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will design and execute a/b/n tests to optimize marketing investments, analyze results, provide insightful recommendations to the business, and mentor junior analysts. five years' analytics exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            fullstack developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexibility in hours. three years' experience with ruby on rails, understanding of rest apis, and the ability to write clean code required. experience with sql preferred.
        
            help identify opportunities to improve unit cost positions and utilization outliers in support of all budget and pricing goals. must have a bachelor's degree and 2-4 years of actuarial experience, including the healthcare field. wfh.
        
            edtech executive marketing advisor is needed for a remote role. the candidate will lead the development of b2c strategies and programs for edtech customers. must possess strong analytical skills. at least 10 years of relevant experience is required.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will develop and implement merchandising strategy, collaborate with leadership team, design analyses to test business hypotheses, and develop strategic recommendations. ba/bs degree & 5+ years' exp. req.
        
            full-time, contract position. will resolve problems, track plans, complete pricing estimates, manage resources and handle dashboard reporting. 4+ years' related project management experience required. telecommute option. 
        
            telecommute role analyzing business information to provide marketing and sales support to a global insurance company. must hold a bachelor's degree in a quantitative or business related field and have at least a year of experience.
        
            remote position will be responsible for key pieces of the network management process, help define future-state improvements, develop ownership, and develop/maintain health plan/provider fee schedules. ba degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            implement the end-to-end client, create wireframes and collaborate design, engineer, and product teams to refine, advocate and implement core improvements for maintainability and performance and assist other engineers. remote opportunity. 
        
            looking for a lead product manager-talent growth to create + implement strategic plans for new products and increase our talent pool. requires previous exp as a growth product manager, working with seo/sem teams, and managing a marketing budget. remote
        
            full-time , remote job. needs bachelor's degree and two-three years' experience as a product designer. define user flows and interaction models to create intuitive product experiences, help define design language, articulate design ideas to team members.
        
            create and execute an editorial calendar and content strategy for marketing campaigns, create unique content while focusing on leadership assets, and partnering with other marketing leaders. google analytics and seo experience areas preferred. wfh job.
        
            perform backend engineering functions. must have experience with building web application products, shipping clean code, and problem solving. a bachelors degree in a related field is required. remote option and benefits offered. 
        
            will provide early input to new product ideas, design, implement, test/deploy software services, verify/ensure performance/correctness of systems, and expand/enhance pipeline for production releases. bs degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            work on the software that is used in the clinical laboratory to process patient samples and analyze their genomic profiles. must have a master's degree and 7+ years experience developing software in production environment. wfh.
        
            remote, full-time. define product architecture, provide solution design, work to modernize platform, and contribute to development. will also mentor junior team members. requires 10+ years' software development experience, and knowledge of related tools.
        
            software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. will work remotely during the pandemic. responsible for optimization. two years' experience as a software engineer and bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent work history required.
        
            remote position will build scalable infrastructure to manage metadata for files, design the systems/processes that engineers use to manage/deploy software in production, and minimize risk of failure outcomes. bs degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            full-time position. will contribute to initiatives, identify patterns, collaborate with team, meet metrics and improve functionalities. 1+ years' related consulting firm experience preferred. work from home option. 
        
            join a team and be responsible for owning the funnel for marketing campaigns, identify and prioritize growth opportunities using quantitative and qualitative and lead the product team.  work from home opportunity.
        
            lead a team of product designers who own the entire design process from problem exploration to final implementation in code. must have 3+ years of experience managing product designers working on complex uis. full-time, remote position.
        
            content marketing manager is needed for a full-time role. he/she is responsible for the development and execution of content marketing. must be able to drive on-time execution of projects. at least 3 years' related experience is req. option for remote.
        
            remote position will collaborate with developers to drive mobile projects from beginning to end, weigh in on balancing factors like scope/timing, architect code, encourage growth, and write tests/troubleshooting bugs. need five years of experience. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will design and maintain large-scale services and job pipelines, write code, work cross-functionally with teams, and debug production issues. 4+ years' experience working with distributed teams required. 
        
            remote option. analyze project requirements and oversee product teams, maintain internal documentation, resolve technical issues, provide stakeholder updates, and monitor project metrics. requires 5 years' project management experience. $90k-$115k/yr.
        
            part-time, contract position teaching visual arts classes to pre-k through 12 students. work-at-home role requires a va state teaching certification with visual arts endorsement and hqt status along with at least 6 months of student teaching experience. 
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will conduct research, investigate opportunities, meet financial goals and implement plans. bachelor's degree and 7+ years' related experience required. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will lead the overall company product strategy, maintain and ensure visibility of the product roadmap, and iteratively test concepts with customers to inform decisions. ba/bs degree or equivalent experience required.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include building candidate pipelines, improving & customizing outreach campaigns, scheduling interviews with recruiting partners, and tracking, measuring, & documenting sourcing approaches.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs experience with full-recruiting process and understands deadlines and goals. work with hiring managers to understand hiring needs, ensure the recruiting process meets expectations, source, connect and engage with candidates.
        
            the technical recruiter will be defining the recruitment strategy, sourcing & engaging with candidates, & attending events. applicants must have experience with executing full-cycle recruiting & hiring technical talent. this is a work-from-home role.
        
            senior product manager is needed for a remote role. he/she will develop a product vision and mobile roadmap that is aligned with the long-term vision of the company. ba/bs degree and prior relevant experience required. salary is $90k-$170k/yr.
        
            the sr. php developer will work on the company's php 7 headless cms, maintain & enhance the codebase, & mentor developers. remote working is allowed. must have at least five years' exp. engineering services & websites. a cs bachelor's degree is required.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and three years' exp. shipping front-end code to own company features and interfaces, ship code to production frequently, run the front-end stack, and architect efficient front-end modules. remote job during pandemic.
        
            remote-to-start role for a quantitative analyst. will support the hedging and risk management of variable annuities, perform studies/analyses, maintain/enhance analysis tools, and implement run-time-reduction techniques. need a degree and four years' exp.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include managing a diverse team, leading & managing all phases of the project lifecycle, and delivering project requirements on time & within budget. bachelor's & 10 yrs' relevant experience required.
        
            remote f/t contract community lead needed to lead and build community with students, alumni, and the broader educational community. successful track record for launching and scaling communities and social and interpersonal skills required. 
        
            the director will develop a roadmap for enhancing customer engagement capabilities, lead marketing campaigns, & guide content creation. this is a remote position; it requires a related bachelor's degree & at least a decade of experience in marketing.

        
            drive meaningful impact, contribute to design practices, and be a part of a formative stage for the product and team. must have 5+ years of experience designing for consumer-facing mobile applications. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time remote role will source top talent, screen applicants, collaborate with recruiters and hiring managers, develop talent pipeline, and participate in team meetings. prior recruitment experience for pharmaceutical industry required. 
        
            the lead sourcing specialist will be able to telework while sourcing and screening talent and building a network of candidates. must have a sourcing/recruiting background. recruitment experience with pharmaceutical positions is essential. 
        
            full-time position. will oversee processes, collaborate with staff, implement accounting systems and mitigate risks. must have related legal and hr functions experience. remote during pandemic. flexible schedule.
        
            train, grow and guide the security engineering team, develop strategies and build security infrastructure, implement security solutions and create standards and processes. a bachelor's degree and 8+ years of experience are needed. remote position. 
        
            account coordinator needed for a full-time, partially remote position requiring two+ years' account-based experience, minimal travel ability, computer proficiency, an understanding of account management, and a strong attention to detail. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelor's degree and three-five years, work related experience. perform technical and analytical functions, configure complex hr system configuration, translate business needs, function as subject expert.
        
            f/t remote product manager needed to drive and manage different strategic and operational initiatives to grow and mature our delivery service. bachelor's degree, 5-7 yrs of product/project management exp, and 3 yrs chain/logistics/transportation exp req.
        
            work with user researchers, developers, and marketers to lead effective customer engagement and grow traffic for an application in mental health and meditation. requires problem-solving skills & 10+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            f/t remote senior study manager needed to lead or support a study or studies depending on the size or complexity. bachelor's degree, 7+ yrs of clinical research experience, & 2 yrs of pharmaceutical and/or clinical drug development experience required.
        
            platform engineering and development principal cybersecurity engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers remote work option. hs diploma or ged and six years' experience required. bachelor's degree in a related field preferred.
        
            remote option, flexible scheduling. develop software & features for platform, analyze workflows and user metrics,  utilize reporting to improvement products, and manage software development cycles. requires ba and 6+ years' software validation experience.
        
            conduct sales opportunity development, prospecting and closing, develop and implement strategies for sales and forecasting and assist in proposal development. must have five years of sales experience. home-based job with moderate travel required. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will maintain and execute a thought leadership content plan for marketing campaigns, extend and repurpose existing assets, and learn and adhere to brand guidelines. three years' content marketing exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            manage the development of supply chain and cloud-based logistics software. remote position requires 5 years of software development experience and 2 years of team management work. a bachelors degree is also required.
        
            remote job for candidate who will use strong analytical skills to help define architectural direction, craft amazing user experience and drive features forward across multiple teams. ba/bs degree and procedural geometry generation experience required.
        
            will design, develop/implement updates/improvements to the existing code base, design/support architectures, analyze/resolve technical/application problems, and integrate cloud services. ba degree required and three years of experience as a developer.
        
            participate in planning and high-level design of the solution. take over end to end responsibility for developing and delivering features and components. must have 3 years of experience in commercial software development. wfh.
        
            seeking a remote-based senior java developer to participate in requirements refinement, planning, develop an aml platform, build scalable real-time solutions, write product documentations and closely collaborate with teammates in a remote environment. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' experience developing and supporting backend production services. develop new features, optimize capabilities, work with team with the evolution of platform and will build backend systems.
        
            remote job for candidate who will lead and grow a team of product designers and design researchers and partner with the vp of product design to develop strategic goals for the reader experience. experience leading internet product design teams required.
        
            home-based option for thought leader to interact with c-suite clients and advise on market position and financial planning for site of care services. related degree desired. advanced education in health administration, finance/econ a plus. travel.
        
            design, implement and maintain test automation systems, create test infrastructure and software tools utilized to perform regression tests and verification and drive quality-centric methodologies. 8+ years of experience is needed. full-time remote job.
        
            seeking a senior frontend qa automation developer for a remote role. he/she will deliver automated test cases in a java/cucumber framework. must be able to mentor more junior members. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            job duties include driving api quality, providing automated test cases, performing some manual testing, and coaching junior members. must have a bachelor's degree and five years' qa automation or equivalent experience. telecommute position.
        
            the principal engineer will create products & services that support authentication infrastructure, lead engineers, & ensure the smooth delivery of large projects. requires at least six years' software development experience. work-at-home opportunity.
        
            remote, full-time position. responsibilities include resolving technical issues, developing innovative ideas for products & processes, and collaborating with designers, product leads, product managers, & software engineers to implement solutions. 
        
            remote opportunity for a software engineer. will work on a team to tackle complex technical challenges, contribute to design and architecture investigations and decisions, deliver software, write code, and perform code reviews. need relevant experience. 
        
            seeking a clinical informaticist for a remote position. the candidate will work on short-term projects with a direct impact in the product. must have knowledge of medical terms. md degree and prior relevant experience required.
        
            test front and back-end products, create automations and use cases, debug issues as needed, provide test analysis, and ensure that products meet system requirements. remote position. requires 5+ years' experience, ba, and programming proficiency.
        
            seeking a senior software engineer for a remote role. he/she will design and code innovative, scalable, and robust features. must be fluent in objective c or c++. ba/bs degree and prior related experience required.
        
            remote role. support development and implementation of test automation tools, oversee testing procedures, submit results to teams and analyze technical issues, and collect performance metrics. requires ba and 3 years' software engineering experience.
        
            remote position will design/implement new features, model possible failures/attach vectors in reproducible test environments, develop fixes, model/develop recovery behaviors, and implement distributed systems. bs degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            full-time position. will resolve issues, configure insurance products, complete tasks, interpret requirements and implement services. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. work from home option.
        
            work-at-home role providing therapy in a virtual capacity and on a full-time basis. must have 3 years of clinical experience, lcsw license, and a master's degree in a relevant field of study. good technical skill are also required.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a senior software engineer, security. will architect/implement security solutions and services, define/implement strategies and technical roadmaps, and mentor team members. need a bs and eight years' exp.
        
            collect, analyze and summarize the creation of actionable conclusions on behalf of the research team. must be familiar with sw development tools and processes and test design. telecommute position: limited travel may be required. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will provide psychiatry and related services to multiple community hospitals and combine the clinical framework with an innovative approach to designing and managing psychiatry services. lcsw or lcsw-c license required.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will be responsible for day-to-day development and maintenance of the company's backend services and infrastructure and take on new feature development from conception to completion. bs degree and 3 years c# exp. req.
        
            mid-senior frontend developer is needed for a remote contract position. he/she will maintain and develop code and manage automated tests within production. must be skilled in reactjs. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            review digital content for accurate grammar, spelling and punctuation, proofread teacher and student materials on websites, in print and mobile devices while ensuring accurate trademarking, branding and in-house style. temporary 4-month part-time job.
        
            part-time, temporary position. will conduct audits, interface with team, identify gaps, perform reviews and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. telecommute.
        
            remote position for a marketing quality assurance specialist. will define and implement quality assurance practices/procedures, help create, organize and maintain a test plan library, and help develop test automation. need a ba/bs and two years of exp. 
        
            will create student protocols, assist with intervention plans, and improve the learning experience for students. master's degree and five-plus yrs' experience in teaching required. this is a work-from-home opportunity. 
        
            lead and grow globally distributed engineering organizations via hiring and coaching, focus on talent density, develop new engineering managers and set and manage expectations. work from home: global travel is expected. 
        
            support volunteer program for coding education program, write responses to emails, create event calendars and manage promotional requirements, maintain online resources, and ensure merchandise inventory is up-to-date. remote, part-time role. 
        
            remote position will identify/manage external agencies, deliver on brand identity objectives, concept/art direct photoshoots, build monthly content calendars, and deliver assets/storytelling to achieve goals. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            remote position for an english language arts content and instructional specialist. will help develop core curricular materials for elementary students, develop lessons to engage students and build and develop skills. need a ba and three years of exp.
        
            partial remote role. provider oversight and planning support for technology projects, provide testing of software and implementation assistance, maintain written reporting, and minimize risk. requires ba and 5+ years' technology implementation experience.
        
            partial remote role. support software development projects including planning, implementation, and software feature testing. requires ba, 5+ years' technology experience and 3+ years' experience with cloud-based products.
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage a team of 6-8 software engineers, develop the team to find optimal balance between performance and well-being of team members, and plan and assign tasks. master's degree and 5 years' software development exp. req.
        
            senior executive recruiter is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will source, identify, and recruit top-level executive talent. must be able to make recommendations on appropriate hires. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will provide high quality teletherapy over a hipaa compliant video conferencing platform, complete clinical case notes, and maintain a personalized database. must have a master's degree in social work or a related field. 
        
            remote position will assist in the preparation of mergers/acquisitions documentation, prospective financial information, open balance sheet procedures, review of agreements, and project plans/timelines. cpa required and eight years of experience. 
        
            the principal software engineer will lead design decisions, mentor engineers, & create solutions that support developer productivity & efficiency. must have at least seven years' industry exp. developing large distributed apps or solutions. remote role.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will possess at least five years of classroom teaching experience. responsibilities include managing the graphing team, composing digital versions of the math curriculum, and leading daily stand-up meetings. 
        
            lead the development, editing, and scheduled publishing of wide-ranging content to support established marketing direction. requires full-cycle b2b knowledge, analytical skills, a bachelor's degree, and 3-5+ yrs' experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            deliver accurate, reliable, and timely revenue reporting each month in accordance with asc 606 and play an instrumental role in evaluating, improving, and executing revenue accounting. must have 2+ years of experience. wfh.
        
            support the development and execution of customer marketing programs for a learning tech company. must have a bachelor's degree and project management experience. full-time, remote, contract-to-hire role.
        
            remote position for a senior systems integration engineer. will plan/execute new application and new technology integrations, gather/analyze requirements, draft designs and plans, and develop/automate unit tests. need a ba/bs and five years of experience.
        
            implement and maintain integrations across platforms, plan and execute the integration of new applications, collect and analyze requirements and draft technical designs. a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience is needed. option for remote.
        
            create front-end/back-end features, handle api development using node.js and/or java, participate in code reviews and create unit tests. 24-month contract-to-perm remote position. a bachelor's degree and 5 yrs of software development experience are req'.d
        
            remote contract business recruiter needed for full-cycle recruiting focusing on a blend of positions. 4+ years of full-cycle recruiting for an organization end-to-end with sourcing experience & ability to recruit across a variety of disciplines required.
        
            full-time remote position providing psychiatric care to patients via video conferencing. must have an md with psychiatry residency, state license, and at least 3 years of clinical experience. tele-psychiatry experience strongly preferred.
        
            remote f/t lead product manager needed to define and execute our product strategy in conjunction with other stakeholders. bachelor's degree, 8+ years of product management, and 3+ years of telecommunications, ucaas, and/or social network product exp req.
        
            seeking a product analyst for a position with the option to work remotely. will manage audit, compliance and governance activities, maintain information repositories, develop roadmaps, and identify opportunities. need a ba/bs and one year of experience.
        
            full-time position. will implement controls, review agreements, make recommendations, mentor staff and collaborate with team. bachelor's degree and 7+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        
            the study start up project manager will make project plans, ensure execution of accelerated start up strategies, & mitigate site activation risks. this is a home-based role. significant experience in global clinical study or trial management is required.

        
            remote position will define self-service customer journey across email, website/core product, develop segmentation/targeted messaging for customers, drive awareness, improve conversion rates, and create campaigns. ba degree required and three years exp.
        
            support or lead one or more phase i-iv clinical studies, with a focus on neurological disorders. must have a master's degree and 5+ years supporting clinical trials in the pharma or biotech industry. full-time, remote position.
        
            candidate needed for a partially remote position requiring a business or similarly focused ba/bs, three+ years' business industry experience, exceptional communication skills, ms office proficiency, and a strong attention to detail. 
        
            remote opportunity for a devops engineer. will help develop an automated continuous deployment platform, write scripts, install applications, perform diagnoses, root cause analyses and remediation, and draft documents. need a ba/bs and three years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will work with commercial leaders to drive productivity throughout the lead-to-cash lifecycle, design and optimize processes, and provide analytics to drive strategy. must have five plus years of experience in sales operations.
        
            full-time partial remote role will design sales and delivery kits, develop and implement digital supply chain solutions, and travel to client sites to deliver professional services. bs degree and 15+ years' supply chain experience required. 
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will be responsible for product strategy and vision, roadmaps, and product requirements. 20% travel. bachelor's degree, healthcare experience, and 5+ years' software product management experience required. 
        
            remote position will build/shape the future of the leading employee health/wellbeing platform, a wide range from consumer-style fitness app design, to complex back-end admin interfaces. ba/bs degree required and one year of experience in product design. 
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will assist customers develop scalable applications, implement best practices, and work as technical leader. travel to client locations required. ba/bs degree and 8+ years' experience required. salary is $122k/year. 
        
            analyze customer needs, create estimates for the effort required for work to be completed, design and program software features, and maintain automated tests. 2+ years of experience in software development is necessary. full-time virtual position. 
        
            the adjunct faculty member will provide live instruction to graduate students in online business analytics classes. must have five or more years' exp. & a master's degree in technology or business. pays $3,500/10-week course. remote, part-time position.
        
            remote option. flexible schedule. he/she will provide phone, chat, and email support to client, carrier, and sales team regarding device errors, network communications, & product implementation and troubleshooting. ba/bs degree & 2+ years' exp. required. 
        
            remote option role will troubleshoot, problem solve, and identify solutions for customer problems. provide support by phone, email, and chat regarding device errors, network communications, and portal navigation. ba/bs degree & 2+ years' exp. required. 
        
            partial remote position will handle technical planning, design, development/management of internet/intranet activities, system/application development, implement new developments, and conduct usability audits. bs degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            part-time, remote-during-pandemic position for an instructor/teacher assistant. will teach/assist in the instruction of curriculum, provide classroom management, engage students, and communicate with parents, students and colleagues. need relevant exp.
        
            offer support of the advertising operations team by performing tagging, ad trafficking, troubleshooting, scheduling ad inventory management tasks. two years of advertising operations experience is preferred. fully remote position. 
        
            full-time, option to work remotely. candidate will track seo kpis across systems, implement daily details of larger seo projects, and conduct seo research into consumer demand. must have one to three years of seo experience with medium to large b2c sites.
        
            remote role with some travel required. candidate will work with key stakeholders in the delivery of new software environments, oversee all project management activities, and adhere to confidentiality requirements. must have 8 years of management exp.
        
            seeking a management actuary for a freelance, remote position responsible for managing portfolios, maintaining communications, building relationships, generating growth. five+ years' related experience, strong leadership skills required. 
        
            remote f/t staff software engineer needed to design and develop next-generation search and visual analytics applications and experiences. bachelor's degree, 10+ years of experience, ui framework experience, and infrastructure tool experience required.
        
            design an efficient, enjoyable telehealth service offering from intake through prescription. design, manage and streamline many facets of clinical operations. must have an md or do; certification and licenses are preferred. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote in pandemic, flexible hours available. develop apis and services for marketing platform, maintain cloud products, review code across teams, and communicate with clients. requires 5 years' experience including work with java and cloud products.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will resolve problems, build tools, assist with code reviews and monitor large-scale systems. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related cloud-based system experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            engage closely with building operations engineering, operations and other internal departments, develop and build mhe metrics and automated scripts, use building resources for a network support and serve as a technical consultant. remote.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and seven-ten years' work related experience.build and refine systems, processes and policies to ensure efficient fundraising, and develop and manage a calendar of donor communications.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will be responsible for technical relationship with accounts. will manage project status, provide customer training, and manage installations.8+ years' relevant experience required. fluency in japanese and english required. 
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a senior manager, software engineering. will lead and direct projects, review and translate requirements, write and develop code, oversee software design, and lead a team of engineers. need ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            optional wfh job for candidate who will provide compensation analysis and consulting to university clients and provide expertise in the development, improvement, and implementation of market reviews. ba/bs degree and 6 years' exp. req. $61,765-$75,000/yr.
        
            seeking a technical seo manager for a remote opportunity. will help build, execute and optimize organic search strategies, define and execute roadmap, perform site audits and serp analysis, identify opportunities, and report on progress and challenges. 
        
            position with the option to work remotely for a senior associate project manager. will manage site enhancement projects, manage resources, develop and track project plans, and plan and execute workshops. need four years of project management experience. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage saas and cloud based applications, lead and develop a high performing functional team, and effectively communicate technology solutions to business partners. 10 years' experience managing projects required.
        
            define product roadmap, support implementation for new clients, build security tools, support engineering projects, and conduct user research. partial remote, 25-40% travel. requires 10+ years' product management experience & 5+ years' in executive role.
        
            the sr. ux researcher will create a strategic research roadmap, execute research programs, provide insights, & coach partners. this position has a work-from-home option. at least three to five years' exp. with leading user research projects is required.
        
            organize and execute a variety of projects with high attention to detail to ensure strategic b2b tech marketing and business outcomes. must have 1-3 years of marketing coordinator experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will drive programs, collaborate with team, ship features, iterate processes and meet business needs. 4+ years' related professional programming experience required. 
        
            remote position will collaborate to test hypotheses, work on the core banking experience, paid products, lending products, business banking/internal operations, and improve codebase/processes. need experience in swift. 
        
            full-time, temporarily remote role will help optimize the customer experience for existing products, develop the go-to-market strategies for new products, and manage projects to deliver launches on time. must have 5+ years of marketing experience.
        
            remote position will drive reporting efforts across new features, set standards around performance/automation, evaluate/mitigate ongoing risks to project delivery, and escalate blocking issues. ba degree required and four years of experience. 
        
            remote position will manage complex revenue analytics request, provide relevant revenue/forecasting information, manage forecasting development outcomes, develop/maintain revenue models, and forecasting. need experience planning. 
        
            remote position for a principal product manager. will create and pilot new recommender system capabilities, identify new opportunities, help define product experiences, and build and manage advertising system capability. need 10 years of experience.
        
            remote role with travel required. candidate will achieve sales targets for all optical and copper products associated with assigned accounts and manage the buying process within strategic accounts. must have 10 years of telecom experience. 
        
            steer effective product direction, including concept planning, development, testing, and launch. requires a bachelor's degree with 2+ yrs' experience or an equivalent combination. full-time, partly remote position with some travel. 
        
            drive multi-year strategy for your respective domain, spearheading key initiatives and driving cross-functional alignment and progress. must have a bachelor's degree and experience in product management and/or product design. wfh.
        
            full-time partial remote role will manage deployments, collaborate with engineering to configure application installation and infrastructure. communicate with clients and troubleshoot issues. ba/bs degree & 2 years' software implementation exp. required.
        
            remote-to-start position for a product manager. will identify consumer needs, create product strategy, identify objectives, plan and execute product roadmap, lead and manage a squad, and help define product experience. need three years of experience.
        
            f/t partial remote associate product manager needed to support the manager and focusing on providing accurate scope definition and executing delivery for assigned client engagements. bachelor's degree, 6-12 months of exp, & presentation skills req.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include owning & evolving the vision for a suite of marketing technology tools & services, translating the marketing technology vision into a multi-year roadmap, and driving marketing solutions.
        
            web developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position. will build web applications. two years' experience with javascript, html, css, c#, and .net and bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent work history required.
        
            lead development and implementation of effective sales and expansion strategy. requires an rn license or higher clinical credentials, ms office proficiency, and 4+ yrs' experience. full-time role with part-remote options and regular travel. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will create a well-crafted research plan, write usability research screeners, and recruit targeted end-users for research studies. must have three plus years of experience as a ux researcher and a bachelor's degree.
        
            backend engineer will extend code evaluation engine that parses/evaluates submitted code samples, and improve interactive learning. must have 5+ years' experience with ruby, go, javascript and sql/nosql. remote options available.
        
            option for telecommuting. candidate will manage the product roadmap and market outcomes within the domain, lead a cross-functional team of engineers and designers, and develop partnerships. must have 7+ years of product management experience.
        
            remote job for candidate who will partner closely with team members across product management, product design, research, and engineering, leveraging an understanding of user archetypes to inform design decisions. four years' product design exp. req.
        
            captures business requirements, facilitates meetings regarding software deployment, & helps bring solutions to market. must have experience as a product manager, product owner, or project manager. related bachelor's degree preferred. the role is remote.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will be responsible for strategy and implementation of product initiatives. will develop product roadmap and drive product conversion and retention. 10+ years' experience and subscription business model experience required. 
        
            full-time position. will lead initiatives, improve efficiency, collaborate with team, develop strategies and provide expertise. 7+ years'  related retention marketing experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            the product manager will be identifying market opportunities, creating product roadmaps & goals, leading staff, & executing product delivery. must have eight or more years' product management experience with financial or insurance products. wfh position.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include developing & testing server-side code, developing code, designing & implementing secure applications, and developing & maintaining integrations. bachelor's preferred.
        
            be responsible for driving the full life-cycle talent acquisition process for a learning curriculum and assessment company. must have a bachelor's degree and 2 years of experience in tech recruiting. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote p/t contract reading tutor needed to provide support to students by communicating clearly and building relationships with parents and teachers. english proficiency, hs level reading proficiency, and communication skills required. temporary. 
        
            the remote-based product manager will grow the company's online & in-person experiences business, set the product strategy & vision, create roadmaps, & develop global solutions. at least a decade of traditional exp. in product management is required.

        
            help clients to effectively understand, visualize and optimize their portfolios while enjoying the best possible user experience. must have a bachelor's degree and 7+ years of experience in web application development. wfh with flexible hours.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. partner with the account management and sales team in a pre-sales process, prepare and deliver frequent on-site presentation, and explain features.
        
            manage a team of systems operations admins who manage contact channels, tools, and integrations. must have  5 years of tooling ownership, product management, or systems administration experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            provide functional and technical applications that support hr systems, processes and teams, collect and document detailed requirements for business needs and translate them into technical solutions 3- 4-month contract - remote work allowed during covid. 
        
            the social media specialist will develop content for social platforms, create a content strategy, collaborate on campaigns, & support conferences. must have b2b social media management & messaging exp. this is a remote role with flexible scheduling.
        
            remote position will collaborate with product managers/tech leaders to design, build/optimize software that supports a core feature, implement end-to-end solutions, and mentor junior engineers. ba degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            remote position will design/maintain inventory management systems, classification of the advertising inventory, quality enforcement/policies enforcement, and collaborate to implement end-to-end solutions. ba degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            analyze and review trends, understand the current and future state of the organization, model and provide daily performance management guidance. strong interpersonal and coaching skills are required. remote opportunity. 
        
            conduct consistent and thorough analysis of ecommerce operations. prepare reports that provide valuable insights. requires sql/python knowledge, modeling skills, a bachelor's degree, and 3+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional position. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop detailed requirements for website capabilities, make sure website components are built according to requirements, and monitor web traffic. must have six plus years of website product management experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will define user personas across the buyer and customer success journey, ensure the readiness of sales and marketing, and generate the adoption of donor-facing products. must have 7+ years of b2b saas software industry exp.
        
            be responsible for both directly supporting high-value clients and mentoring digital analysts. must have a bachelor's degree and advanced skills in google analytics, adobe analytics, tealium. full-time, remote position with flex hours.
        
            remote candidate will oversee a premium publisher account, execute google ad networks, and support publishers in achieving their ultimate goal. must have sales experience, and experience building a website with ad revenue.
        
            opportunity computer programmer needed. master's degree or a professional certification required. confer with users in order to gain an understanding of changes to existing programs. document programming issues for future reference.
        
            define business requirements and architect complex marketing solutions for clients. mostly telecommuting position with occasional travel. must have a bachelor's degree and 2+ years' ma systems, salesforce.com, oracle on demand, and related exp.
        
            contract, telecommute role managing implementation projects. oversee daily activities, status, timelines, issues, and success. must have a year of related experience with strong presentation skills. a bachelor's degree and pmp are preferred.
        
            remote, full-time opportunity. responsibilities include identifying customer & business needs, driving product development with designers & engineers, defining & analyzing metrics. coordinating requirements for features, and creating documentation.
        
            will travel to customer locations and assist enterprises in achieving transformation goals. create documentation, troubleshoot installations, and deliver services. bachelor's degree and five plus yrs' of exp. req. 50% travel. 
        
            full-time position with remote option. will collaborate with team, code reviews, setup development environments and prepare demos. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related sitrecore experience required.
        
            candidate will develop and maintain validation rules, custom workflows and processes, pipeline management, bug and feature requests, and qa processes. bachelor's degree and three years' salesforce experience required. partial remote job; 25% travel.
        
            seeking a remote site reliability engineer to manage the linux infrastructure and ensure maximum uptime, participate in capacity management of core services and systems and create strategies for permanent fixes. 
        
            support an automated environment of queries and improve the quality and speed of product delivery to clients. must have ba and experience with git repositories, mysql, and jave build automation tools. full-time position remote during the pandemic.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs four years' devops experience and experience with largs-scale  distributed systems management. build automation tools that ensure customers receive resources quickly and deliver a high quality product.
        
            full-time, remote position. will maintain document library, create interfaces, troubleshoot issues, build relationships and collaborate with team. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required.
        
            remote position will design, build/maintain reliable/reusable code, develop products/features, and collaborate with teams including product management, customer experience/sales to design products with impact. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            solve technical problems and come up with innovative solutions to advance operations support products. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 + more years of experience with react. full-time, remote position.
        
            optional wfh job for candidate who will contribute to services migration from a monolithic architecture to microservices architecture, collaborate with engineers on the services roadmap , and build apis and tools. 5 years' software engineering exp. req.
        
            partial remote position will establish/achieve software performance goals, contribute code to streamline performance/remove bottlenecks, write specifications, and help debug performance issues. bs degree required and experience. 
        
            lead the identification of ot/iot, iiot devices, vulnerabilities in network security and offer information and remediation guidance, lead efforts to prioritize security risks and create technical reports. work from home opportunity.
        
            full-time, telecommute position. will collaborate with team, automate processes, maintain applications, produce documentation, resolve problems and meet business needs. must have related aws cloud-native experience. 
        
            work with enterprise-level clients to establish and implement solutions. must effectively work on a team. requires a bachelor's degree with related experience or an equivalent combination. full-time, partly remote position with frequent travel. 
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will manage quality control and improvement for cancer registry, supervises staff, and provide education and training. bachelor's degree, certified tumor registrar, and 5 years' experience required. 
        
            maintain communication with key partners and cross-functional teams (curriculum, design, and technology) to assist in the definition of project goals and scope, and prioritize initiatives of varying complexity. remote contract. 
        
            full-time position. will build relationships, maintain industry knowledge, provide education, synthesize inputs and make recommendations. 1+ years' related advertising experience required. work from home option. 
        
            responsibilities include maintaining and enhancing the codebase, implementing changes, features, and page layouts, and maturing frontend development processes and practices. 5 years of frontend development experience required. remote option.
        
            full-time position. will develop software, improve development techniques, provide solutions and handle implementation. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related engineering experience required. work from home option. 
        
            seeking a technical writer for a part-time remote role. the candidate will create materials that teach educators how to use assessment and reporting tools. bachelor's degree and at least 3 years of relevant experience required.

        
            remote position will conduct market research, synthesize findings to understand market needs, lead a team of engineers/designers, manage the product development life cycle, and bring new features to market. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            remote option. provide recruiting for technology company, attract talent and maintain hiring pipeline, optimize procedures, and contribute to team training. requires 5+ years' recruitment experience and knowledge of applicant tracking systems.
        
            remote in pandemic. provide training on cloud-based products, create presentations and technical exercises for courses, mentor junior teams, and create formal certification program. requires 4+ years' programming or it experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will help deliver successful experiences that drive value for customers and the business, create innovative mobile experiences, and conduct usability studies. must have two to three years of mobile interface ui or ux exp.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a technical writer. will research, write, edit and produce technical documentation, maintain a technical terminology and documentation library, and update and revise existing documents. need a ba/bs and five years' exp.
        
            engage closely with managing editors and review digital content, collaborate with other teams and write student-facing and teacher-facing math-related content. remote contract job - light travel is expected. 
        
            candidate will collaborate with architects and administrators to ensure a high-performance technology environment, recommend network enhancements, and assess network performance. ba/bs degree and 5 years' network admin exp. req. optional remote job.
        
            design and guide new product architecture, promote modern architecture methodology, designs, and standards, review and assess current systems, and analyze resource requirements. work remotely. salary is $160-190k per year. 
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and five years' professional development experience to work with product management to ensure continual release of high value deliverables and compile technical documentation of software features. remote job.
        
            perform full stack engineering in a remote capacity to support a utility and electric vehicle charging company. create platforms, develop and review code, and conduct testing. must have a bs in a related area and 5+ years of experience. pays up to $125k.
        
            full-time, temporary, and remote role. candidate will conduct standups and retrospective meetings with the internal initiative team, design resources for bank clients, and support workstreams. must have experience with cx/ux strategy.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will execute new features based on the provided technical and user experience design, conduct root cause analyses, and troubleshoot performance issues. must have four plus years of experience using javaee.
        
            remote, part-time, contract role for the summer, providing advisement on social studies content for k12 schools. create learning plans, conduct research, prepare materials, and edit lessons. requires teaching certification and 3 years of experience.
        
            searching for a senior clinical research associate with a ba to join our team. will maintain the integrity of site relationships by visiting, inspecting, and reporting on the site's protocols and compliance + handle any issues that arise. partial remote.
        
            create and coordinate the creation of technical and non-technical written content and diagrams for contract deliverables and project documents. must have a bachelor's degree and 10 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            regional retention specialist is needed for a part-time remote role. he/she will cultivate and maintain relationships with volunteers. must possess excellent communication skills. prior related experience required. bachelor's degree preferred.
        
            remote position will contribute to the technical direction/architectural vision, solve technical challenges, improve architecture, advance/promote software engineering best practices, and evolve technology. bs degree required and extensive experience. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs bachelor's degree and five-ten years' project management experience. create and execute project work plans, meet changing needs, identify and schedule resources to meet project plan goals, manage activities and project issues.
        
            full-time position. will collect requirements, collaborate with team, lead solution development and create business models. high school diploma and 8+ years' related experience required. work from home option. 
        
            remote position will assist to provide operations/migration services, utilize automation tools, assist with upgrading, installing/configure monitoring solutions, and reporting on current infrastructure status. ba degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            javascript/react senior front end software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. extensive css, javascript, and react experience and related bachelor's degree, certification, or equivalent required.
        
            part-time, remote position. will provide general advice regarding job searching, conduct technical interviews, evaluate prospective candidate's technical performances, provide feedback, and answer questions. need a bachelor's degree. 
        
            remote position. develop java-based software products, assist with updates to features and programs, write and review code across teams, and define product requirements. requires ba, previous development experience, sql fluency, and communication skills.
        
            remote position will champion modern product management practices, define team process/vision, lead major cross-group/initiatives, contribute to spec-reviews, provide feedback/guidance, and product strategy. need seven years of experience. 
        
            participate at the highest level in the mobile team, helping design, architect, and build an education company's ios experiences. must have a bachelor's degree and extensive experience with major ios frameworks. full-time, remote position.
        
            drive new member acquisition and new visit activations for core telehealth services. drive and manage a/b and multivariate tests. must have 6+ years in growth or performance marketing or a similar role. full-time, remote position.
        
            technical recruiter is needed for a remote role. he/she will source talent for the company's technical team. must be able to work in a fast-paced environment. ba degree and prior related experience required.
        
            the sr. analyst will build forecasting models, lead content creation, improve processes, & advise the leadership team. must have four or more years' analyst experience & at least three years' business operations, consulting, or strategy exp. remote role.
        
            freelance job. needs three years' digital tech experience and experience with standard production tools. leverage your expertise of industry standard camera and lighting systems, organize image assets to facilitate processes, manage production processes.
        
            remote position will promote best practices, provide feedback, provide audit/review of customer use cases, develop strong customer relationships, build a growing business, and develop documentation. ba degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            partial remote position will ensure performance delivery, deliver fair/predictive interview plans, create predictive interview formats, address technical concerns, and help with product prioritization. bs degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will oversee a team of divisional demand planners to generate consumption-based forecasts and facilitate monthly s&op/gps forecast process meetings. must have 5+ years' experience with s&op processes.
        
            full-time position. will define success metrics, collaborate with team, build partnership models and meet business needs. 7+ years' related program management experience required. telecommute option. 
        
            define the architecture for the implementation of it systems, evaluate new products, and formulate cots and customized solutions that will integrate with current platforms. 4+ years of technical experience is desired. full-time remote position. 
        
            track business performance, design processes, perform strategic analysis to allow efficient scaling of the organization, lead reporting, and support sales leadership. fully remote position based in the us. 
        
            head of product marketing is needed for a remote role. he/she will lead the refinement of value propositions and help bring new product marketing programs to life. must possess effective communication skills. at least 7 years of related experience is req.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs nine-eleven yearrs' experience as a sql database administrator and a bachelor's degree. manage dql server databases, maintain existing systems, processes and databases, generate, configure and will optimize the performance.
        
            contract-to-hire, remote role for a senior manager, marketing operations. will support system integrations, oversee marketing platform operations, and manage vendor contracts for marketing systems. need ba/bs, marketo certification, and seven years' exp,
        
            remote position will ship features, design to help set project scope, participate in technical design discussions, remove blockers/align stakeholders, and drive programs in engineering reliability. need two years of experience. 
        
            remote digital marketing manager needed to contribute to the growth of the company with strategic digital marketing & ensuring paid media is planned and executed. bachelor's degree, 5+ years of experience, and 2 years of b2b experience required.
        
            lead multiple full-cycle projects for customer-facing content. requires proficiency in multiple design tools, a portfolio, a bachelor's degree, and 3-5+ yrs' experience. full-time role with remote options and benefits; some travel required. 
        
            seeking a backend software engineer to join the team. must have at least 5 years' experience building javascript web applications and knowledge of modern back-end development processes. full-time role with the option of telecommuting.
        
            work with professionals in the oil & gas industry to evaluate climate modeling and optimize products. requires research skills, a bachelor's degree, and 2+ yrs' experience. full-time role. $68k-$75k/year with benefits. work from home during pandemic.
        
            remote f/t staff site reliability engineer needed to ensure the company's global top-15 website, public-facing services, and underlying infrastructure is healthy and developing further. bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience are required. 
        
            oversee engineering and delivery of market leading products including strategy and teams. meet customer needs, conduct research, make recommendations, and develop team members. a bs and 5 years of product management experience are required. remote.
        
            lead daily company accounting operations. ensure high-level accuracy and regulatory adherence. requires an aa/as degree or higher, strong erp proficiency, high-level detail, and 5+ yrs' exp. full-time, partly remote position with some travel. 
        
            remote position. write and review code, build new features, collaborate with product teams to improve software, and broaden programming skills. requires php and laravel proficiency, plus 6 years' programming experience.
        
            utilize your background in ecommerce to work towards improvements in customer conversion, onboarding, activation, and retention. must have a bachelor's degree and 3-5 years of experience in product design, ui design, and/or ux design. wfh.
        
            direct and manage the proposal process, ensure timely and accurate submissions, ensure proposals meet sponsor uscf pre-award regulations and guidelines, and work on complicated awards and proposals. option for remote opportunity. 
        
            manage all public relations and external communications activities. must have a strong business (commercial) acumen and a comprehensive understanding of the b2b media and pr system in the uk, usa, and europe. wfh, flex hours.
        
            work with the team's engineering manager, designer, analyst, and engineers as well as the content team to bring a new set of features and content. must have 6+ years of pm experience at a consumer company. wfh to start.
        
            full-time position. will define new features, contribute to best practices, conduct analyses, collaborate with team and provide expertise. 7+ years' related software engineering experience required. telecommute option. 
        
            javascript developer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexibility in schedule. three years' professional experience with javascript and understanding of rest apis required. ruby on rails and react native experience preferred.
        
            seeking a staff software engineer for a position with the option for remote work. will be responsible for the architecture of workflow and engagement platform, provide technical leadership, and map out product vision. need a bs and eight years of exp.
        
            help shape the architecture and the future of the company's mobile products across ios and android. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of software development experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote position will handle market research, identify needs/sharpen product offerings, develop product positioning, own go-to-market strategy, execute product launches, and assess effectiveness of programs. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            the sr. director will develop the customer marketing practice, contribute to the vision of solutions & products, lead customer advocacy activities, & deliver sales training. requires at least 12 years' experience & a ba/bs degree. the position is remote.
        
            remote position will lead the strategy/results supporting marketplace growth/retention, lead/grow a team for operations, develop the strategy/messaging frameworks, and define priority marketing initiatives. need ten years of experience. 
        
            work with development and pr teams to write wide-ranging content about current and new technical solutions. requires technical proficiency, prioritization skills, a ba/bs degree, and 2+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote position with benefits. 
        
            partial remote position will manage local/remote project resources, be the primary interface into customer management, develop project plans, track progress versus the plan, and establish work timelines. ba degree required eight years of experience. 
        
            the remote club coordinator will develop online socialization experiences for students, execute club operations, & facilitate competitions. candidates should have three years' experience with egaming platforms. this position requires some travel.
        
            manage and secure school partnerships, develop a pipeline of prospective leads, ensure accurate database management and analyze weekly dei outreach. a bachelor's degree and google suite experience is desired. remote part-time position. 
        
            seeking candidate with five years' product management experience to evaluate and make recommendations on all aspects of products through the entire life cycle and develop a market-informed strategy and roadmap. bachelor's degree preferred. remote job.
        
            seeking a technical writer for a position with work-from-home options. will develop and create technical and instructional content for various mediums, edit and proofread documents, help develop mockups, and conduct usability tests. ba/bs preferred. 
        
            be accountable for the creation and deployment of b2b content marketing required for company wholesale initiatives and content, execute content marketing initiatives and conduct deep content strategies. full-time remote position. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include leading the end-to-end recruitment process, sourcing, interviewing, & closing new hires, advising stakeholders on talent acquisition best practices, and utilizing recruitment tools to track workflows.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' information security experience. review the siem platform on a daily basis to detect potential security events, perform analysis of logged security correlations, escalate priority incidents.
        
            library technicians are needed to fill part time, substitute, & temporary positions on an as-needed basis. will provide assistance, research& answer technical questions, coordinate circulation of materials, and other duties. $19.52/hour.
        
            be responsible for designing, implementing, testing, and deploying solutions for internal and external clients. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of salesforce.com development experience on the force.com platform. wfh.
        
            solution architect is needed for a full-time position. he/she is responsible for the successful delivery of architectural and technical aspects of client transformation engagements. bachelor's degree and prior relevant experience req. option for remote.
        
            partial remote role will provide visionary leadership, will advance culture and equity principles, and manage strategic design. travel 25%. ba/bs degree & 5+ years' public health, social services. health care, or public policy experience required.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, launch new products, resolve problems, automate processes and meet business needs. must be fcas certified and have related experience. remote during pandemic. flexible schedule.
        
            partial remote position will be responsible for successful enablement/integration of products/solutions, champion the product, features/benefits, provide solution design leadership, and coordinate resources. bs degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            seeking a principal strategist for a full-time, partially remote position responsible for troubleshooting and resolving issues, making recommendations, maintaining communications, generating strategy plans. two+ years' exp, ba/bs required.
        
            remote role. will be responsible for the reliability, scalability and functionality of software across the product experience, develop and support web applications, and design and implement backend infrastructure and features. need relevant experience. 
        
            director of product design is needed for a remote position. the candidate will contribute to product strategy and roadmaps to help achieve company vision and outcomes. must drive continuous improvement initiatives. prior related experience is required.
        
            coordinate key project phone calls, meeting rooms and project meetings, ensure required deliverables are included in the project schedule, develop and get signoff on project strategy documents and engage with business stakeholders. full-time remote job. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will work with product teams to define the roadmap for digital service and third-party integrations, enable customer-facing team, and grow adoption of digital service products. ba/bs degree and 3-5 years' exp. req.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include supporting research & design efforts, providing design support for software products & solutions, analyzing & deriving insights, and ensuring overall solution quality.
        
            a part-time online adjunct faculty member is needed to instruct university students in health administration over an eight week period. subject matter expertise and previous online teaching experience is needed. pays $2,500.00 per course. 
        
            the home-based salesforce technical lead designs business technology solutions, leads client projects, reduces projects' technical risks, and mentors team members. at least five years' technical leadership experience is req. must be able to travel.
        
            contribute to multiple team-based development projects. keep accurate records and product technical content. requires a bachelor's degree and related experience or an equivalent combination. full-time role with flexibility; wfh during pandemic. 
        
            partial remote job with 25% travel for candidate who will develop and maintain validation rules, custom workflows, and processes and develop business intelligence analytics and dashboard functions. ba/bs degree and three years' salesforce exp. req.
        
            work with development teams and stakeholders to design and create saas automation features and product enhancements. requires a bachelor's degree with 3+ yrs' experience or an equivalent combination. work from home full-time.
        
            senior technical trainer needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position with travel involved. will deliver training and mentor authorized trainers. four years' experience and technical degree or equivalent work history required.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will collaborate with researchers, engineers, and scientists to develop strategy and requirements. he/she will identify risk and design solutions. bachelor's degree and 7+ years' relevant experience required. 
        
            will design business learning solutions, build relationships with clients, and make recommendations for changes in programs. must have a bachelor's degree and at least ten yrs' exp. in performance consulting. contract, remote role. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will serve as a senior android engineer. bachelor's degree, 5 years' android exp., proficiency in android sdk and life-cycle components, and knowledge of android ui components required. coroutines exp. preferred.
        
            provide technical advice and support during development and implementation phases and ensure it product function as expected by stakeholders and end users. remote work is allowed during the covid-19 pandemic.
        
            seeking a designer needed for a currently remote job responsible for generating and developing wireframes and prototypes, conducting research, resolving design issues. seven+ years' hci or ui-focused experience, an understanding of agile methods a must.
        
            remote position will provide hands-on development for projects, act as a contributor/subject matter expert, design/develop software for financial products/platforms, and technical/product development tasks. bs degree required and four years of exp. 
        
            design, build, and operate the company's production infrastructure, replace existing infrastructure, and operate applications. must have amazon web services experience and a software development background. option to work remotely.
        
            design and implement innovative cloud solutions with a strong focus on automation. must have a bachelor's degree and experience managing environments running inside the public cloud (aws/azure). full-time, remote position.
        
            support product development projects, perform troubleshooting on new features, and ensure projects meet budget and resource guidelines. remote position. requires 3+ years' project management experience and strong communication skills.
        
            remote, part-time position. provide online instruction and guide students, support classroom engagement, and collaborate with staff to improve offerings. requires ma or 6+ years' experience, plus proficiency with tools such as javascript, node, and sql.
        
            remote, part-time job with evenings for candidate who will lead a web development bootcamp program for students looking to build a professional skillset and guide students through exercises to embed key concepts. master's degree or 6 years' exp. req.
        
            remote position will build reusable code/libraries for new features, design server-side architecture for mobile applications, design/manage well-functioning/scalable databases, and build backend services. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            full-time, telecommute role writing and editing differentiated support features for mathematic education purposes. meet guidelines of accuracy and style as well as consistency. requires a bs and demonstrated experience. twelve-week contract role.
        
            marketing copywriter is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will craft messages that deliver the desired business results. must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. at least 3 years' related experience is required.
        
            seeking a senior project manager for a full-time, work-at-home opportunity. will manage the deployment of the product suite, communicate with executives, and develop a team. bachelor's degree and four yrs' project management exp. req. 
        
            remote position with future travel for a senior consultant. will deliver and communicate network access plans for customer implementations/transformations, lead technical workshops, and drive the adoption of best practices. need ba/bs and 10 years' exp.
        
            work-at-home position for a full-stack software engineer. will develop new features and functionalities, build scalable apis, participate in peer design and code reviews, and write, test and refactor code. need a bachelor's degree and two years of exp.
        
            remote position for a full-stack engineer. will help build features across an ecosystem of products and services, optimize workflows, enhance system intelligence and capabilities, and remove pain points. need four years of professional experience. 
        
            produce flows, wireframes, and sitemaps, and assist with defining content and product strategies, and produce pixel-perfect high fidelity comps and guides. a bachelor's degree and 7 yrs of experience in product ux/ui design is required. remote option.
        
            partial remote job with 20% travel for candidate who will serve as the relationship manager to designated corporate supporters and build and maintain in-depth knowledge of resources, research, and services. ba/bs degree and client-facing exp. req.
        
            develop and maintain strategic partnerships with accounts, influence, educate and enroll provider practices, partner with the collaborative care operations team and offer technical assistance. work remotely and travel within an assigned region. 
        
            remote position will lead the growth of the business, serve as internal/external expert, drive new patient volume, retain existing volume, scope new services, and implement/deliver services to clients. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            full-time remote role will implement and manage detective and preventive security controls, identify security vulnerability areas, and design secure cloud infrastructure systems. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' experience as security engineer required. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will focus on implementing and maintaining programs across marketing automation, email, seo/sem, paid social, and the company's website, generating high quality traffic that generates leads. marketing strategy exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include writing math content for print mat environments, assisting with planning unit scope, narrative, & sequence, peer-editing manuscripts, and reviewing print proofs. bachelor's degree required.
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. responsibilities include writing teacher-facing & student-facing content for a specific grade level, assisting with managing unit scope, narrative, & sequence, and peer-editing manuscripts. bachelor's required.
        
            drive sales and support enablement initiatives, monitor and analyze trends in the market, engage with customers and create stories, epics and acceptance criteria for the engineering team. remote work allowed during covid-19. 
        
            job duties include handling phone calls, scheduling healthcare appointments, & obtaining patients' insurance & demographic information. the centralized scheduler can telework if residing in or. two or more years' exp. in a healthcare environment needed.
        
            staff/senior auditor needed to assist in the execution of the audit department's established audit methodology. bachelor in accounting, finance, business or other related field of study and ability to travel required. remote during the pandemic. 
        
            partial remote position will monitor the technical aspects of projects/vendor activities by providing input/guidance, assess technical design, identify/recommend project management, and technical processes. ba degree required and five years of experience.
        
            work-at-home role performing devops engineering duties to automate solutions deploy infrastructure. write software, perform network engineering, and handle linux system administration. requires 4 years of devops experience and python or java skills.
        
            the qa lead will support ci/cd jenkins pipelines, participate in software design discussions, ensure deliverables have suitable test coverage, & manage defects. at least eight years' qa/automation exp. needed. this is a wfh position during covid-19.

        
            remote position with some travel for a global strategic account manager. will develop account strategy, develop and manage partner relationships, plan, communicate and coordinate teams to execute tasks. need a bachelor's degree and 10 years' experience. 
        
            remote lead product manager needed to make it easy for people to fine service professionals, connect with them, and hire the right person for the job. 4+ years of product management experience, technical background, and product marketing required.
        
            contracted, remote opportunity. candidate will support the company in improving its content strategy and deliverables to drive interest among prospects and provide qualified leads to sales. must have four plus years of related experience.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will install and maintain new and upgraded versions of relevant operating systems and coordinate solutions to drive the resolution of issues. must have six plus years of related industry experience.
        
            f/t remote senior ios developer will design, develop, and code for ios applications to meet customer expectations. bachelor's degree, 5+ years in ios development, and 1+ years of development in swift/swiftui required. salary range: $112,200-$167,200.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will create a sales plan to achieve growth and revenue goals, determine the best ways to meet customer needs, and drive sales strategies. must have five years of sales experience.
        
            seeking an experienced node.js developer with 3 - 5 years of experience working in an application development role to perform full-stack development and work with user interface technologies. option for remote position. 
        
            help clients achieve maximum value from the health product suite and encouraging them to expand their usage of the software. must have a bachelor's and 5+ years of experience in a b2b client management role in healthcare software or tech. wfh.
        
            full-time, contract, remote job. needs analytical experience and excellent communication skills. discuss the project with the client, determine functionality needed, help client think through different options, and research answers to technical questions.
        
            full-time position. will conduct evaluations, identify solutions, meet business goals, ensure compliance and other tasks as needed. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. work from home.
        
            the software engineer will offer architectural guidance, develop solutions & applications, & mentor engineers. must have at least five years' experience developing large-scale distributed solutions or apps. cloud computing exp. is expected. remote role.

        
            you will create clean, clear, concise, copy for personal finance topics on multiple marketing platforms. requires 3+ years of agency or brand-related writing experience for diverse platforms, attention to detail, and an online portfolio. 100% remote.
        
            work with development teams to coordinate multiple aspects of clinical studies, such as logistics, sites, & participants. requires a ba/bs degree, and 3+ yrs' exp. gcp/ich knowledge is desired. full-time, partly wfh role with some travel. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will develop and deploy email communications using html, css, and handlebars.  will develop email templates, build a/b testing content, and maintain email databases. at least one year relevant experience req. 
        
            work on providing the best experience for the internal community by implementing innovative global and mobile solutions for people platforms. must have an associate's degree and 2+ years of professional development experience. wfh.
        
            work remotely from home and lead efforts for backend engineering from rapid prototypes to applications, build cloud-based systems and build product offerings. skills in go, aws, cassandra, redis, elasticsearch and zmq is needed. 
        
            software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position is partially remote with some travel involved. will be designing, implementing, and resolving issues with software. experience and bachelor's degree in a related field required.
        
            work with the teams to plan and create new features and infrastructure for financial products. option to work remotely. must have a bs degree or equivalent experience and 1+ years' programming experience in a functional or object oriented language.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic. meeds four years' experience building  android applications and one year  programming  experience in kotlin. apply android technical and product expertise to solve problems, contribute to frameworks and write code.

        
            remote position will define, plan/conduct exploratory user research, deliver compelling insights to help drive evidence-based product/design decisions, and contribute to wider insights community. ba degree required and proven experience. 
        
            the software engineer will help develop & maintain platforms. candidates must have a bachelor's degree in cs or a related field & at least four years' software & application development exp. due to covid-19, staff members are telecommuting at this time.
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include designing & implementing new research studies, managing reporting on existing ongoing tracking surveys, translating business questions into research designs & customized reports, and presenting insights.
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic.needs six years experience in growth strategy and experience driving business growth.  identify, build and manage revenue generation efforts, lead  development of network aided communications approach, manage a group.
        
            full-time, contract position. will prioritize solutions, collaborate with team, mitigate risks, build relationships and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 4+ years' related experience required. remote option. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will guide engineering teams through the full software development lifecycle from concept to launch and execute and shepherd projects to completion while maintaining accountability. four years' product management exp. req.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and four years' technology job experience. provide technical design, estimation and implementation for user stories, take part in agile ceremonies, and provide technical design leadership on user stories.
        
            the ux designer will help launch or refine enterprise websites, gather usability requirements, & design wireframes & prototypes. during covid-19, all staff members are telecommuting. must have a relevant bachelor's degree & five years' ux design exp.
        
            support the planning, coordinating, and executing of paid media campaigns that promote the brand, products, and services. must have a bachelor's degree and 3 years' experience in a digital marketing role. full-time, remote position to start.
        
            position with the option for remote work for a director of product management, business products. will design and execute a strategy, establish and drive a roadmap, set and track kpis, and coach and mentor a team. need eight years of relevant experience.
        
            temporary remote position will develop the supply chain systems/processes design concept, manage team for high performance, change management/adoption, and provide decision support/insights for strategy decisions. ba degree required and ten years of exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will project and secure long-term financial development, drive and coordinate the financial business planning process, and analyze and evaluate benefits with stakeholders. ba/bs degree and 3-5 years' manager exp. req.
        
            work from home and take ownership of analytic and machine learning product development, build net-new products to drive customer value and work with growth, marketing, and the solutions team to understand customer and market needs. 
        
            remote position will create design/own the implementation of features, content, events/other product experiences, drive user experience through phases/product implementation processes, and improve informed design. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            remote role for a product manager. will define/prioritize product roadmaps, help build products, coordinate stakeholders and product activities, drive usability studies, leverage research and analytics, and gain customer insights. need four years of exp.
        
            full-time position. will define strategies, discover new opportunities, meet customer needs and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related product management experience required. flexible schedule. remote. 
        
            seeking an automation developer for a flexible, remote option position requiring a tech-focused bachelor's degree, three+ years' rpa experience, two+ years' experience with programming languages. will conduct tests, perform configurations. 
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will build relationships, design it solutions, and modernize engineering practices. degree in it or software engineering and 5+ years' experience in enterprise solution implementation required. 
        
            remote-to-start position for a junior technology consultant for web applications with an information technology or software engineering degree. will own full cycle of it solutions and services, design and deliver solutions, and automate when possible.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required. candidate will produce high-quality personal finance content to engage customers and manage the content strategy internally. must have five plus years of digital editing and writing experience.
        
            the sr. platform operations engineer will help define & oversee projects, develop solutions & apis, monitor systems, & mentor engineers. must have five years' engineering experience involving functional programming. the engineer will telecommute.
        
            seeking a manager, revenue growth management for a position with the option to work remotely. will scope, develop, maintain and advise on price architecture, trade and funding strategies, and program analytics. need master's degree and five years of exp.
        
            full-time partial remote role will perform business analyses, build relationships with stakeholders, manage customer requirements, and create design specifications. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' technology industry experience required. travel req. 
        
            analyze, enhance, install, test, and modify enterprise-wide software systems for both new and existing systems. must have a bachelor's degree, salesforce developer ii, and 5-7 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include ensuring the availability & security of active directory & domain services infrastructure, monitoring & testing system performance, and developing & maintaining documentation.
        
            the manager will support school district partners during ckla implementations. this remote role requires some travel. must have experience teaching literacy to prek-5 students & directing programmatic change across a school or group of schools. 

        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include defining & deploying field marketing strategies, managing account-based marketing activities, customizing national deployment programs, and tracking & reporting on field marketing initiatives.
        
            marketing director is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate is responsible for strategy, growth, and scalability. must ensure successful delivery of agreed outcomes. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            freelance, remote opportunity. candidate will conduct a linguistic review of content that is already translated, make changes to typos, and evaluate the overall translation quality. must have three years of experience in software localization.
        
            freelance, remote role. candidate will conduct regular linguistic reviews, make changes related to grammar and typos, and proofread various types of content. must have a bachelor's degree and three years of software localization experience.
        
            full-time job, some remote job. needs ten years' experience and a bachelor's degree. support and lead the planning, design, implementation and integration of recently releases software solutions, drive solution delivery improvements through automation.
        
            technical migration consultant needed for a contract opportunity. this is a remote position. will install, configure, upgrade, and migrate applications. five years' experience and related bachelor's degree or equivalent work history required.
        
            responds to technical & product questions, educates customers on platform usage, provides customer reviews, & serves as a customer advocate, requires relevant experience involving a product or saas company that has enterprise customers. partially remote.
        
            remote position will design, build/maintain security-related features/solutions, work in a team with daily standup, demo days, code reviews/research spikes, identify gaps, and ensure collaboration. bs degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            full-time, remote  job. needs a bachelor's degree and eight years' product marketing experience. deliver compelling and creative messaging that articulates and reinforces company brand, partner across broader marketing team, develop market positioning.
        
            associate director needed for a full-time, partially remote position requiring travel, ms office proficiency, a bachelor's degree, and seven+ years' similarly focused experience withing the health/medical industry. will lead teams, oversee projects. 
        
            full-time position. will create product objectives, improve hiring and recruitment processes and manage expectations. bachelor's degree and related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option. 
        
            drive actionable insights to improve product strategies/experience and develop product positioning and messaging for products and features. must have strong product marketing experience in a digital b2c company. remote work options.
        
            assist the developers/engineers with translating business requirements into technical specifications and ensure specifications and timelines are met. must have a bs degree, 3+ years' experience, and strong interpersonal abilities. partial remote role.
        
            full-time 6-month temporary remote role. he/she will work cross-functionally to make performance improvements. must have experience with aws, java and sql or nosql. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' as a software engineer required. 
        
            lead team-based initiatives to develop and optimize technical solutions within the finance industry. requires c# proficiency, extensive technical knowledge, a master's degree, and 5+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional position. 
        
            operations executive is needed for a part-time remote role. he/she will maintain and monitor the company systems to drive performance and reliability. must possess impeccable communication and people skills. prior related experience required.
        
            part-time, remote candidate will monitor the company's workload forecasting, update client-specific imrs and airs, and create monthly invoices for each account. must have good commercial and financial understanding and strong communication skills. 
        
            will conduct internal system audits, assess risks, and supervise staff auditors. bachelor's degree and five-plus yrs' exp. in information technology audits required. option to work-from-home with some travel. 
        
            provides technical guidance, supports it infrastructure & modernization initiatives, & leads teams. must have 10 years' managerial exp. involving financial reporting, it project management, & business process management. the role is remote during covid.
        
            full-time position. will collaborate with team, execute initiatives, develop solutions, define strategies and meet business needs. 10+ years' related web strategy experience required. work from home option. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop client relationships, implement programs, hold product demonstrations, research and resolve customer issues, and assist with product development. 5+ years' relevant experience preferred. 
        
            assist with building and extending applications used by providers and patients and internal stakeholders, and participate in initiatives to keep system productivity high. option for remote full-time position. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will manage ml research team, oversee ml model research and experimentation, develop strategies for research, and improve current processes. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' ml industry experience required. 
        
            the sr. product manager will gather requirements, shape the product roadmap, & oversee projects. must have five or more years' product management exp. with at least two of those years in a fulfillment, operations, &/or supply chain area. wfh opportunity.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a proofreader, program assistant. will proofread and copyedit test items, forms, assessment and research materials, track and verify edits, and provide general administrative support. need two years of experience.
        
            temporary remote position will drive sales/increase brand awareness, manage daily call activity through planning, manage vacant geographics/identified business strategies, field visits, and manage target lists. ba degree required and experience. 
        
            be part of the customer & cloud operations organization that delivers 24x7 service to customers who are using the software both on-premises and in the cloud. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience with b2b customers. wfh.
        
            remote option role will develop relationships with stakeholders, develop strategic plans, develop solutions to technology and business issues, provide technical leadership, and prepare budgets and forecasts. ba/bs degree and 6+ years' experience required.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree in nursing and five years' direct clinical trial experience. manage projects of full scope regional and global projects, lead teams, responsible for building and maintaining relationships.
        
            remote f/t senior partner operations specialist needed to maintain and develop systems that drive daily operations as well as enable new projects, strategies, and experiments. 5+ years of experience in an operational function and project management req.
        
            develop scientific communications, provide research assistance to the heor and medical directors, participate on making strategic recommendations and interface with stakeholders and faculty. requires two years of exp. option for remote position. 
        
            lead the development and launch of new products for the clinical trial intelligence space, own the company roadmap for product offerings, ensure new release quality and lead product teams. work from home.
        
            conduct troubleshooting, escalation and the analysis of communications remotely and in the field. will serve as an sme and maintain relationships. requires support and network administration experience. partial remote/flex time position.
        
            long-term, temporary contract. will analyze user needs, maintain software, assess requirements, prepare documentation and adhere to guidelines. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. full-time. travel.
        
            the sr. consultant will build relationships with clients, deliver solutions, lead projects, & oversee a small consulting team. requires at least three to five years' exp. with microsoft technologies. bachelor's degree preferred. option for teleworking.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will collaborate with team, deploy infrastructure, implement applications, design new features and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 6+ years' related experience required.
        
            seeking a cloud infrastructure engineer for a work-at-home position. develop cloud infrastructure, improve monitoring, and lead technical discussions. need to have five-plus yrs' exp. as a software engineer and a degree in cs is preferred. 
        
            make outbound calls to prospective students and learn of their interests and goals, articulate features and value and connect with resources relating to the program. 2+ years of relevant work experience is needed. work at home opportunity. 
        
            remote, full-time. collaborate with teams to determine marketing strategy, create content across multiple channels, manage product launches, and maintain library of sales tools. requires 5+ years' marketing experience and ma, plus occasional travel.
        
            software engineer needed for a remote option position requiring seven+ years' experience with software engineering, strong programming skills, an understanding of ruby and java, and strong problem-solving. computer-focused ba/bs a plus. 
        
            remote position will develop business relationships with clients, present project vision/strategy to clients, drive transformation/innovation, and assist business development with project requirements. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            remote position will guide teams, to assist in managing the entire product life cycle, champion software engineering process improvement initiatives, define/introduce industry-standard practices, and processes. bs degree required and fifteen years of exp.
        
            remote position. build and maintain back-end infrastructure, improve existing systems, write and review code across teams, and support automation of services. requires ba, 3 years' experience, programming proficiency, and communication skills.
        
            help clients evaluate business need and identify technical solutions. requires a bachelor's degree, strong client-interaction skills, troubleshooting skills, and 2+ years' experience. full-time role with flexible hours, benefits, & remote options. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will develop user interface design including screen layout and investigation, user interface functionality, user notifications, alerts, and icons, and be the end user advocate. two years' medical devices exp. preferred.
        
            software developer will work on an antivirus program for windows. must have advanced c/c++ skills, experience working with git, and experience debugging code. flexible schedule, remote working options. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will lead the vision, strategy, and execution for company products, build strategic relationships with internal product consumers, and synthesize research into clear product strategy. product management exp. req.
        
            seeking technical account manager for full-time, remote position. preferred qualifications include two or more years of experience in a client-facing role, software development skills, and a 4-year degree from an accredited university.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include leading & defining a product strategy & vision, delivering high-impact features & products, identifying trends & opportunities, and leading teams through the development process. bachelor's required. 
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will build client relationships, manage teams, develop programs, develop technology roadmap, and develops long-term cloud strategy. some travel. ba/bs degree & 15+ years' it consulting/management experience required. 
        
            partial remote position will suggest process changes, product adoption, configuration/additional features, drive adoption for the product, deliver/lead bi-annual roadmap sessions with customers, and provide input. ba degree required and five years of exp.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include optimizing advertising on amazon, managing client relationships, prioritizing tasks, and maintaining updated knowledge of the competitive landscape & new features. bachelor's degree required.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will be responsible for development and delivery of custom security solutions. will manage development of all deliverables and work products. bachelor's degree and 1+ year of relevant experience required. 
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will manage the development and delivery of custom security solutions. he/she will manage development of deliverables and work products and guide junior staff. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' experience required. 
        
            full-time position. will troubleshoot issues, document projects, serve as point of contact, update databases and provide status updates. bachelor's degree and related experience required. telecommute option. 
        
            the manager will create customer success processes, serve as a trusted advisor to customers, & drive customer retention. must have one or more years' customer-facing or customer success experience. this is a wfh role with occasional travel in the future.
        
            temporarily remote role with travel required. candidate will support managers in executing established audit methodologies, manage audit requests, and document ideas for analytical control testing. must have exp. in the assessment of risks and controls. 
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include providing project oversight, planning, status, & communications, conducting system analyses on software programs, applications, & web services, and generating reports & documentation. bachelor's preferred.
        
            the fullstack engineer will give technical leadership, build features, develop the platform's core parts, and help modernize the company's application. at least three years' exp. in a production environment is required. this is a fully remote position.
        
            partial remote position will incorporate feature requests into product roadmap, groom/prioritize backlog, develop user stories/define acceptance criteria, set sprint goals, plan releases, and upgrades. bs degree required and work experience. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will provide instructor-led classroom training to customers and partners, develop technical training content and presentations, and design train-the-trainer program. travel 50%. technical degree and 4+ years' experience req. 
        
            remote opportunity for a finance senior manager. will own forecasting and reporting processes, manage close processes, lead projects, manage resources, and develop internal controls and validation. need a bachelor's degree and three years of experience. 
        
            work partially from home and be responsible for planning and executing email campaigns, establish bkms for email strategies, determine email kpis and create and present reports weekly. an undergraduate degree and 3 - 5 yrs of experience is required.
        
            full-time position. remote. will draft requirements, communicate metrics, maintain industry knowledge, drive discussions and participate in conversations. 3+ years' related product management experience required. 
        
            remote position will provide support to customers, look for solutions to problems/propose improvements, coordinate reporting submissions for customers, implement compliance calendars, and be a liaison. need one year of experience. 
        
            f/t senior compliance analyst needed to partner with technical leads in analyzing findings and the development of remediation plans, procedures, and standards. college degree and 5 years of experience in compliance required. remote option available.  
        
            partial remote job with 50% travel for candidate who will sell an saas product to vp and c-level executives o enterprise companies. experience selling saas to executive level decision makers within marketing and in the $200k+ arr range is required.
        
            work with clients to plan and develop effective media strategy for customer outreach and business growth. requires ms office proficiency, strong writing skills, a bachelor's degree, and relevant experience. full-time role with remote options. 
        
            the infrastructure engineer will work on platform development, build large-scale services & systems, & provide incident response. this job can be remote. experience with production systems, or other exp. with constant risk & reward tradeoffs, is expected.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will drive commercial accountability to grow the business, provide domain expertise to key customers, and define microbiology-focused marketing programs. ba/bs degree and global/regional team exp. req. 20-25% travel.
        
            serve as a legal liaison to process clinical contract requests and support the management of and negotiate the process of site budgets. must have a bachelor's degree and 1 year of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include creating engaging learning activities & course content, identifying a target audience's training needs, analyzing trends & applying best practices, and maintaining project documentation. m.a. required.
        
            remote f/t contract digital account manager will develop and service relationships to provide strategic and creative sales opportunities across our platform. 3 years of experience with professional-client relationship management and analytical skills req.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will drive productivity, build relationships, perform verification, resolve problems and generate reports. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            partial remote position will conduct qualification visits, site initiation visits, protect patients, review of the performance of the trial at designated site, develop patient recruitment strategies. ba degree required and experience. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and substantial site management experience. conduct qualification visits, site initiation visits, monitoring visits and termination visits for assigned clinical sites, build relationships.
        
            f/t remote .net developer needed to work in vb.net and ms sql to improve the application that our clients use today. 2+ years of .net work experience, 1+ years of sql work experience, and familiarity with winforms development required. 
        
            the .net developer will focus on making improvements to the company's application. must have at least two years' experience with .net (vb/c#) and one or more years' experience with sql. this is an entry-level role offering the opportunity to telecommute.
        
            work in vb.net and ms sql to improve the application that helps clients manage their solid waste collection and processing businesses. must have 2+ years of .net (vb/c#) and some sql work experience. wfh.
        
            work in vb.net and ms sql to improve the application that solid waste business clients use. must have 2+ years of .net (vb/c#) work experience and 1+ years of sql work experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t remote technical writer needed to write user and service documentation for our sequencing solutions portfolio. 5+ years of experience as a technical writer and experience writing product user documentation required. bachelor's degree highly preferred.
        
            remote product manager needed to define and build our translation management system and associated services. bachelor's degree, 4+ years of product management or engineering, technical knowledge, and ability to write simple scripts required.
        
            lead daily marketing operations to support established product campaigns. evaluate and report campaign performance metrics. requires marketo & ms office proficiency, a bachelor's degree, and 3+ years' experience. work from home full-time. 
        
            full-time, freelance position. 100% remote. responsibilities include designing print & digital materials, leading design development, articulating concepts & creative solutions, and managing reviews & feedback cycles. bachelor's degree required.
        
            remote opportunity for an engineering manager. will manage and mentor a team of software engineers, plan tasks, facilitate code reviews, build and maintain product and service ecosystem, and identify business requirements. need five years of experience.
        
            maintain security standards across security capabilities, lead and/or drive planning, collect requirements and designs, engineer security solutions and lead implementation strategy design. remote work is allowed during the covid-19 pandemic.
        
            design and develop microservices, software interfaces and/or system abstractions, build and execute a fault-tolerant global payments platform. at least five years of experience in functional programming is required. fully remote job. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will help develop core response workflow, develop and launch new products, and develop long-term product strategy. travel 10%. ba/bs degree preferred. 3+ years' product management of software products experience required. 
        
            full-time, remote job. needs five years' technical or product management experience and a bachelor's degree. own and define the platform product strategy, define scope and prioritize roadmap, and will own and lead all aspects of an established agile team.
        
            full-time position. will provide guidance, meet modeling requirements, resolve problems, define models and identify dependencies. bachelor's degree and 11+ years' related experience required. work from home. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work.needs three years' hands on experience in product development and excellent project management skills. identify key growth and retention triggers, drive and optimize key traffic and revenue metrics and set schedules. 
        
            the manager will develop & lead an engineering team, provide technical guidance, support cross-organizational initiatives, & improve processes. must have successful exp. in leading software & systems engineers. this is a remote role until further notice.
        
            full-time position. will prioritize and measure performance, identify solutions, monitor progress and adhere to policies. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            developer needed for a flexible, remote option position requiring six+ years' rpa experience, a tech-focused ba/bs, three+ years' programming experience, and familiarity with agile methods. will write code, conduct tests, troubleshoot issues. 
        
            oversee the execution of clinical trials. ensure regulatory adherence & effective practices. requires a ba/bs degree, ms office proficiency, strong communication skills, and 5+ yrs' exp. full-time, partly wfh role with regular travel & site visits.
        
            role with the option to work remotely for a software developer. will define and execute test automation requirements, develop and implement test automation framework and solutions, analyze applications, and track defects. need a ba/bs and four years' exp.
        
            performs custom primary research, evaluates consumers' needs & motivations, conducts design thinking workshops, & develops research recommendations. must have at least nine years' experience leading quantitative & qualitative research. remote position.
        
            remote position for a product manager. will perform and direct analysis, gather marketing intelligence, build business cases, make recommendations, develop a product line strategy, and analyze product performance. need ba/bs and five years of experience. 
        
            full-time position with remote option. will identify areas of improvement, interface with team, provide input, gather requirements and build features. master's degree and related experience required. 
        
            provide intuitive client support and service delivery. mitigate account issues. requires a ba/bs degree, ms office skills, and 5-7 years' related experience. pm certification is desired. full-time, partly remote role with benefits & some travel.
        
            tasks include working on a mobile communications platform, creating dashboards and web-based user interfaces, helping design new features, and collaborating on technical solutions. must have significant exp. in front-end development. remote-based role.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include working with product & engineering teams to design, build, & maintain systems & software, writing software layers, scripts, & deployment frameworks, and troubleshooting issues. bachelor's required.
        
            remote position will develop/implement new features/improvements for applications, refactor/maintain code base, write/maintain automated tests, provide input/review user documentation, and create release artifacts. ba degree preferred and experience. 
        
            full-time, temporary position. will maintain documentation, adhere to requirements, participate in conference meetings and assist with benefits establishment. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and seven years' exp. working for a tech-focused company to architect and implement new software component designs or enhancements to existing software products and ensure performance scalability. optional remote job.
        
            cloud services senior software engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work. workflow automation experience and bachelor's degree in a related field, certification, or equivalent work history required.
        
            partial remote position will help customer architect scalable application solutions, work as a technical leader alongside customer business, development/infrastructure teams, and agile software development. bs degree required and five years of experience.
        
            partial remote position will partner with sales team as a technical advisor/advocate for the platform, solve customer challenges, participate in the pipeline, quarterly business reviews, act as a trusted advisor. ba/bs degree required and five years exp.
        
            the associate consultant will help design advanced engagement analyses, create managerial hypotheses to solve clients' challenges, & offer insights to clients. must have two to four years' business exp. this remote position requires significant travel.
        
            develop stories based on architectural and design requirements, create features/functions, and deliver well-documented code. must have 2+ years' software engineering experience and a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. remote options.
        
            help design and build the first all-in-one spend management platform that provides companies control and visibility into every dollar spent. must have 10+ years of experience in a design role. full-time, remote position.
        
            will orchestrate the deployment/upgrades, product deployment, configuration management, system monitoring, online diagnosis, provide on-premise service to enterprise customers, and facilitate upgrades. ba degree required and three years of experience.  
        
            help develop highly technical courses with extensive hands-on labs (hols), and self-paced labs, that get customers deep into aws technologies. must have a bachelor's degree and 5+ years of experience in software development. wfh with travel.
        
            work cross-functionally to design and build new software and enhancement features. requires a bachelor's degree with 1-2+ yrs' experience or an equivalent combination. work from home full-time with benefits & and a flexible schedule.
        
            remote position will lead technical delivery of initiatives in support of platform, partner with stakeholders/lead execution from strategic objective to delivery, identify gaps/areas of risk, and build solutions. ba degree required and seven years of exp.
        
            ensure that services meet and exceed slas and are designed and built for scale and growth. must have a bachelor's degree and experience developing, managing, and troubleshooting highly available distributed systems. wfh with flex hours.
        
            responsibilities will include leading remote software engineers, producing code and automated tests, and deploying web apps. must have experience working with react and ruby on rails or similar frameworks. this is a work-from-home job opportunity.
        
            work on coding, automation, and improvement, with the rest of the time spent on troubleshooting, communication, and documentation. must have a bachelor's degree and software engineering experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include assisting customers with having clear success criteria post-implementation, following up with customers to identify & develop new requirements, and providing customer-facing training.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree and 10-15 yeas' experience in clinical development. provide oversight for oncology business unit projects to ensure study launch, forecast, prioritize and direct staff to make deliverables.
        
            senior software engineer is needed for a remote role. he/she will write efficient and maintainable code to deploy large-scale web applications. must be skilled in ruby, react, and angularjs. prior relevant experience is required.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and seven years' experience in clinical research. serve as a primary liaison with clients, lead and direct cross functional ream leaders and third party vendors, and manage deliverables.
        
            work with marketing and creative teams, providing product expertise and technical details to facilitate effective marketing content. requires extensive it knowledge, a bachelor's degree, and 5-10+ yrs' experience. full-time, remote optional position.
        
            curriculum designer is needed for a remote contract role. he/she will design and develop spanish foundational skills instruction for grades k-2. must be fluent in english/spanish. ba degree and prior related experience required.
        
            pursue opportunities to improve the experience of job seekers across the suite of products. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience working in product user experience design. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will support digital team members with the development of paid social campaign strategies, oversee the creative development process, and assess paid social processes. must have 3+ years of marketing or communications exp. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will manage delivery of integration projects, manage and mentor integration engineers, and support the company sales team on integration related pre-sales activities. 3-5 years' systems delivery exp. and ba/bs degree req.
        
            establish and execute design standards and guidelines, maintain brand consistency with internal team members and communicate design ideas using user and process flows, story boards, wireframes and site maps. remote - light travel is expected. 
        
            the software engineer will help develop applications, toys, & mobile games based on augmented reality or other technologies. exp. using unity or working with other game frameworks is required. must have a cs bachelor's degree or equivalent exp. wfh role.
        
            remote job for candidate who will execute full lifecycle software development, write well designed and testable code, mentor developers in all aspects of agile development, and produce specifications. bs degree and 5 years' development exp. req.
        
            full-time position. will interpret requirements, test applications, build front-end functionality and handle database integration. bachelor's degree and related experience required. remote during pandemic. 
        
            drive projects to differentiate the customer experience and plan the next generation blockchain-based approach for user experience. crypto and/or blockchain technical background is required. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t remote multimedia team manager needed to lead a team to high-quality, high-service, and on-time product delivery. bachelor's degree, experience leading a team, and 2-3 years multimedia product delivery experience required. master's or phd preferred. 
        
            monitor site and record keeping needs to support clinical research. requires strong interpersonal skills, familiarity with clinical study guidelines, a bachelor's degree, and related experience. full-time, partly remote with possible light travel. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will oversee the platform strategy and roadmap, work with application product managers to develop a vision, and provide project management guidance. must have seven plus years of product management experience.
        
            partial remote role will manage strategy, engagement, & growth of healthcare education platform. will develop strategic plan, collaborate with cross-functional product development teams, and manage digital marketing strategy. travel 25%. ba/bs degree req.
        
            build functional proposal processes, create responses, conduct regular review processes, and refine and implement the rfp management process. 2 - 3 years of rfp experience is needed along with a bachelor's degree. remote. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will utilize research expertise to oversee complex, multi-disciplinary security research projects, identify security vulnerabilities, and create new compiler-based mitigations. must have five plus years of experience.
        
            do everything from conceptually coming up with the features to architecting the framework of how everything fits together. must have experience building and shipping front-end and back-end features on a rails, merb, or sinatra app. wfh.
        
            must work collaboratively to identify service delivery trends, participate in meetings, & contribute to audits. requires experience w/chart auditing, treatment settings, & regulatory board guidelines + bachelor's degree. master's preferred. 100% remote. 
        
            the remote software engineer will build back-end services, help with api & architecture updates, implement features, & provide user support. requires familiarity with ruby &/or ruby on rails, a related four-year degree, & the ability to write clean code.

        
            full-time position. remote. will give support, interface with staff, conduct evaluations and provide expertise. 1+ years' related experience required. strong communication skills needed. flexible schedule. 
        
            wfh job for candidate who will work on design initiatives that impact bigger systems and multiple product teams, build lasting organizational relationships, and mentor other product designers. strong portfolio and three to five years' ux design exp. req.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' software development experience. build and operate teams services in a production environment, ensure quality by writing unit, integration, load tests, work with tech loads and team.
        
            f/t principal software engineer needed to collaborate with engineers and managers to contribute to the technical direction and architectural vision. bachelor's degree and software design & development experience required. remote during the pandemic.
        
            participate and lead a tea of api developers, assist with strategy and solutions, agile project delivery and document requirements. 2 - 5 years of experience in gateway software and cassandra is needed. home-based position w/ extensive travel req'd.
        
            create marketing materials by collaborating with the marketing and design teams. develop quarterly marketing strategies and track marketing efforts. must be proficient in google apps and clickfunnels. full-time remote position.
        
            the customer success architect will serve as the main point of contact for enterprise customers, provide platform education, and create customer reviews. must have customer support, customer success, or professional services experience. partially remote.

        
            full-time, partially remote position. responsibilities include developing & presenting customer reviews to senior management, serving as a customer advocate, addressing customer issues, and educating accounts on best practices. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will provide feedback, communicate with customers, document best practices and drive requests. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. travel. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include developing & communicating database roadmaps & strategies, developing business cases, ensuring that complex designs are properly vetted, and identifying enhancements to existing processes.
        
            work with development teams, sales staff, and prospective clients to identify and plan solutions. requires strong english skills, a bachelor's degree, and 3+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote position with benefits; some travel is required. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will monitor and audit company compliance with applicable medicare advantage regulations, prepare audit reports, and assist with responding to sales allegations. ba/bs degree and 3 years' medicare advantage exp. preferred.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop medical education annual plan. will arrange medical education events, including speaker management and logistics. maintain and develop learning modules & online publication library. ba/bs degree req.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will manage product roadmap, develop initiatives, manage product life cycle, and address technical risks. 5+ years' technology experience and 3+ years' product management experience required. 
        
            generates leads in accounts, conducts demos & presentations, creates strategic customer account plans, & closes business. must have three or more years' account management exp. involving saas solution sales. the position is remote during the pandemic.
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will develop and implement online advocacy campaigns and design fundraising campaigns. develop and execute social media strategy and conduct fact research. ba degree and 4+ years' experience required. 
        
            remote contract senior seo consultant needed to ensure continued health and growth of our search rankings and traffic for two of our key brands. bachelor's degree with 5-7 years of experience in an seo role required. the position is temporary.
        
            the sr. manager will lead staff & oversee relationships with strategic growth channel partners. must have five or more years' exp. with online marketing, ecommerce, & user experience programs. people management exp. required. remote-based position.
        
            remote senior enterprise architect will understand customer's business strategy, goals, and objectives to internalize their business capabilities to meet those objectives. bachelor's degree, 12 years of exp, & 2 years of enterprise architectural exp req. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will collaborate with team, provide insight, articulate considerations, drive solutions and make recommendations. bachelor's degree and 12+ years' related experience required. 
        
            the sr. enterprise architect will act as a trusted advisor to customers & work with teams on solutions & enterprise architecture strategies. must have at least 12 years' exp., including two or more years with enterprise architecture. remote-based role.

        
            f/t remote senior enterprise architect needed to understand customer strategy and requirements and help define the solution portfolio and enterprise architecture strategy. bachelor's degree, 12 yrs of exp, & 2 yrs of enterprise/architectural exp required.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and 12 years' work related experience. work closely with regionally aligned account team, understand requirements to help define the solution portfolio, and will work closely with pre-sales team.
        
            the sr. enterprise architect identifies customers' goals, helps define solutions, & leads digital transformation engagements. this is a remote-based position requiring 12 or more years' experience with at least two years' enterprise architectural exp.
        
            f/t remote senior enterprise architect will understand customer business strategies, goals, & objectives then internalize their business capabilities to meet those objectives. bachelor's degree, 12 yrs of exp, & 2 yrs of enterprise/architectural exp req.
        
            full-time position. partially remote. will present requirements, make recommendations, interface with staff, drive solutions and provide insight. bachelor's degree and 12+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and 12 years' work related experience. work with area account teams to understand custom strategy, help define solutions, and work with executives to unlock new potential streams of business.
        
            partial remote position will define the solution portfolio/enterprise architecture strategy, unlock new potential streams of business, and provide insight regarding enterprise transformation agendas. ba/bs degree required and 12 years of experience. 
        
            partial remote position will help define the solution portfolio/enterprise architecture strategy, unlock new potential streams of business value, and provide insight regarding transformation agendas. ba/bs degree required and 12 years of experience. 
        
            remote senior enterprise architect will internalize business capabilities by understanding customer's business strategy, goals, and objectives. bachelor's degree and 12+ years of experience with 2+ years of enterprise architectural experience required.
        
            seeking a senior enterprise architect with a ba and 12+ yrs of experience for our partial remote role. will work with executive level clients to develop new architectural strategies to fill the gap between business and technology. leadership exp a plus.
        
            duties include advising customers, working with teams to define the solution portfolio, & leading digital transformation engagements. must have at least 12 years' experience that includes two or more years' enterprise architectural exp. partially remote.
        
            partial remote position will help define the solution portfolio/enterprise architecture strategy, unlock new potential streams of business, provide insight, articulate design considerations, and drive solutions. bs/ba degree required and 12 years of exp. 
        
            partial remote position will define the solution portfolio/enterprise architecture strategy, unlock new potential streams of business value, provide insight, drive value-based solutions, and agendas. bs/ba degree required and 12 years of experience. 
        
            partial remote position will understand customer requirements, define the solution portfolio/enterprise architecture strategy, unlock new potential streams of business value, and recommend technical architecture. ba/bs degree required and 12 years of exp.
        
            partial remote position will understand customer strategy/requirements, define the solution portfolio, unlock new potential streams of business, and provide insight regarding enterprise transformation. ba/bs degree required and 12 years of experience. 
        
            remote senior director of business development needed to manage, evolve, and develop deep business relationships with targeted key strategic technology alliances. master's degree and 15+ years of enterprise software business development/sales exp req.
        
            project manager is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will provide support to the staff to ensure activities are delivered on time and within the budget. must possess strong project management skills. prior related experience required.

        
            provides oversight for marketing content initiatives, develops product content processes, & helps product managers with content strategies. requires five years' leadership exp. in multichannel content creation for relevant technical audiences. wfh role.
        
            develop and deliver content via various digital mediums, create and deliver sales, partner and channel training, develop sales tools and create sale enablement materials. 3 - 5 years of experience and a bachelor's degree is needed. remote opportunity. 
        
            full-time, temporarily remote candidate will help identify operational improvement opportunities, implement high-priority improvement projects, and advise the senior team on legal matters. must have eight years of relevant work experience.
        
            freelance position with the option of remote work. bachelor's degree required. duties include analyzing application portfolios, identifying dependencies, assessing migration feasibility, helping clients refine requirements, and obtaining feedback. 
        
            meet with clients remotely or in person to facilitate the definition of business requirements and the architecture of complicated solutions. will participate in technical design and ma customization. remote-based job with occasional travel.
        
            facilitate a successful sales process and client relationship by providing technical consultation and identifying technical solutions. requires a ba/bs degree, salesforce certification, and 5+ years' exp. partly remote optional role with benefits. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include providing technical support for the implementation of complex engineering installations and managing & prioritizing multiple projects. bachelor's or equivalent experience required.
        
            develop technical substantiation required to meet requirements, evaluate activities to better understand issues and assist in specification documentation.  four years of experience is needed. option for remote position - travel will be required. 
        
            build requirements develop approach for customer engagement, lead discovery workshops, perform analysis for business information and business process modeling. remote position - travel is required. 
        
            partial remote position will improve existing products/develop new ones for patients, doctors/nurses, collaborate with designers to build user interfaces, and partner up with teams to create products clients need. need five years of experience. 
        
            integration engineer sought for a partially remote position requiring travel, an engineering-focused ba/bs, exceptional communication skills, and ten+ years' similarly focused experience. will conduct tests, support pre-sales, coordinate activities.
        
            remote position will help deliver product experiences, end-to-end feature development, work with product, design/engineering teams, and lead an iterative development process to deliver new features. cs degree required and six years of experience. 
        
            create and implement security policies and procedures, monitor applications for issues and work with external auditors, and perform testing of products. requires 5+ years' work in it infrastructure plus knowledge of linux, aws, and security response.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel required once it is safe to do so. candidate will lead suppliers through the entire lifecycle of a demand api integration and provide sales and technical support. must have three to five years of customer-facing exp.
        
            remote. create scalable services and implement cloud technologies, respond to system issues and troubleshoot failures, and monitor systems and ensure optimal operations. requires 5 years' software development experience and knowledge of saas platforms.
        
            remote-during-pandemic role for an it senior solution architect for invoice management. will design and deliver solutions, drive continuous improvement, modernize engineering practices, and automate when and where possible. need degree and six years' exp.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will perform risk analyses, build relationships, execute projects and manage budgets. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required.
        
            achieve sales of new iot device enablement, services, and management solutions across enterprise accounts. must have a bachelor's degree and at least 10 years' enterprise software or technology field sales experience. partial remote role.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a frontend software engineer, javascript. will work on a user interface where api design, application architecture and application state management are the challenges. need three years of experience.
        
            work with clinical research and care-providing professionals to review high-volume documentation and ensure regulatory adherence. requires a bachelor's degree with 5+ yrs' exp. or an equivalent combination. full-time role with remote options. 
        
            remote position will lead a team of engineers, write code, write automated tests, deploy large-scale web applications, and own code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations. ba degree required and experience. 
        
            the product owner will define the product roadmap & vision, manage product development, lead teams, create the product backlog, & conduct user testing. must have two to three years' exp. as a product owner working on technical projects. remote position.
        
            work with a team and drive the technology of learning products and platforms for an online learning site. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience working as a full stack engineer. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will process transactions related to carbon credit projects, track invoices, coordinate technical reporting, write and edit content, and organize project information. hs diploma and 3+ years' experience required. 
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include building performant backend services in go, contributing new ideas, participating in code reviews, guiding software architecture decisions, and mentoring developers & product managers. bachelor's required.
        
            remote position will collect/prioritize requirements, staff a help desk, oversee day-to-day operations, advise teams on best practices, oversee standards-based metrics, and ensure compliance with regulations. ba degree or equivalent work exp. required. 
        
            some responsibilities will include launching products, conducting market research, & developing gtm & sales strategies. the desired candidate has a bachelor's degree & three to five years' experience in b2b software product marketing. remote position.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will develop go-to-market strategy, launch new products, develop acquisition strategy, and collaborate with team members. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' b2b software product marketing experience required. 
        
            remote position will define the vision for consumer growth, identify/drive impactful cross-functional projects that achieve key milestone, manage a small team, and collaborate to develop a shared vision. need ten years of experience. 
        
            be responsible for leading the organization's vision for its national and state-based climate campaign work, and civic engagement activities. manage complex national and state budgets, and ensure grant deliverables are met. wfh for $100-$120k.
        
            remote game editor-writer needed to punch up, revise, edit, and proofread in-game, presentation, and marketing text across multiple projects. 3+ years of game editing/writing experience, excellent portfolio, multitasking skills, and editor exp required. 
        
            support a project that works to combat covid-19 rumors and misinformation in afghanistan, lebanon, philippines, colombia, mali, sudan, and south sudan. must have a bachelor's degree or 1-3 years of project experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            perform engineering duties to support site reliability of a search platform. oversee deployment, processes, production, and monitoring of tools and applications. must have a bachelor's degree and relevant experience. flexible and remote options.
        
            support the development and maintenance of the company's application, responding to user feedback and business constraints in near real-time. must have 3 years of experience and strong knowledge of ruby. full-time, remote position.
        
            the it security analyst will oversee security projects, design it security systems, monitor networks, & investigate incidents & breaches. information security or related experience is required. a relevant degree is preferred. the role is remote.
        
            full-time remote role will develop partnerships with insurance agencies and carriers, negotiate product pricing, assist with billing, and recommend marketing improvements. at least one year of b2b or saas sales experience required. 
        
            in search of a solution architect with a ba to join our team. requires direct experience in designing and architecting mobile apps and web portals. expert knowledge of javascript frameworks and front-end development is preferred. remote during pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will interface with staff, design software components, conduct research, troubleshoot issues and assist with implementation. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. partially remote. 
        
            remote f/t instructional design leader needed for creating needs assessments, design consulting, instructional design, organization development, and design for multiple platforms. bachelor's degree and exp in instructional or learning exp design required.
        
            full-time position. will share solutions, collaborate with team, draft code and conduct reviews. 3+ years' related modern programming language experience required. remote during pandemic. flexible schedule. 
        
            remote role with travel required. candidate will create new innovative digital solutions, manage process implementation projects, and translate maturity assessments into business requirements. must have five plus years of operational demand experience.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will exceed sales quota, prospect new business, manage the sales cycle, produce quotes, and develop relationships. 3+ years' relevant experience required. bachelor's degree preferred. 
        
            full-time job, remote during pandemic.needs a bachelors' degree and ten years' software engineering experience. lead and develop high performing teams responsible for the delivery of technology solutions, identify strategic vision, and develop roadmaps.
        
            seeking a full-stack engineer for a currently remote position requiring five+ years' python-based web app production experience, extensive python knowledge, and three+ years' modern front-end framework-focused experience. 
        
            looking for a remote, full time, program analyst to join our team. will assist in the daily process and function of skilled it programs for healthcare services. requires a ba and 3+ yrs exp as a program analyst in healthcare. remote position.
        
            remote position for a senior product manager. will define business objectives, develop and execute product roadmap, plan product releases, perform market research, and recruit, hire, onboard and mentor direct reports. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' software testing and automation experience. analyze requirements and code/specifications to effectively apply testing techniques, leverage test cases management and engage in reviews.
        
            long-term temporary opportunity with a part-time schedule. will provide flight instruction, prepare students for check rides, and coach university flight teams. must have a bachelor's degree and a commercial pilot certificate. requires 2 years' exp.
        
            the digital solution architect will be engaging with partners, crafting technical solutions, and building client relationships. must have experience in creating solution architecture for enterprise-level engagements. option for teleworking offered.
        
            full-time job, flexible schedule. pays $35,500 a year. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and general web marketing experience. coordinate content creation and placement, build relationships with bloggers, publishers and journalists and research content.
        
            designs technical solutions, writes code for quality software, launches new services and features for customers, and performs code reviews. four or more years' software engineering experience required. will be teleworking.
        
            the sr. systems engineer must be able to scale backend systems, help design the company's cloud protocol, and troubleshoot system failures. must have experience in shipping software in cloud environments. will be teleworking.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. $90k - $120k/yr. duties include working with product team members to develop & maintain applications & features, analyzing problems, and assisting with diagnosing & patching reported issues.
        
            design and build enterprise software solutions, oversee exiting products and review architecture, train users on product features, and work to migrate systems to cloud servers. requires ba, 10+ years' it experience, and work in hardware engineering.
        
            the sr. frontend engineer will develop applications, build out user experiences, create test cases, & mentor jr. engineers. at least six years' software development experience expected. must have a related degree or equivalent experience. remote position.
        
            full-time position. will drive improvement, modernize practices, create solutions, collaborate with it teams and build relationships. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. travel.
        
            database support representative is needed for a remote role. he/she will work with clients on database daily management. must be process-oriented with strong execution skills. at least 2 years' relevant experience is required. bachelor's degree is pref.
        
            guide and educate customers on building iot products, lead the delivery of demos and proofs of concepts, design and implement scalable processes and become a product expert. remote work is allowed during the covid-19 pandemic.
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will develop logistics and supply chain ecosystem partnerships, develop benchmarks in collaboration with solution architects, and develop demos for trade shows and conferences. ba/bs degree and 5+ years' exp. req.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will lead the architecture and drive implementation of the android application suite and design and deploy large-scale apis to support mobile applications. experience implementing applications required.
        
            serve as an on-site corporate representative for all technical and administrative matters relating to task performance, be accountable for managing subcontracting agreements, and serve as a liaison. remote work will be allowed during covid-19. 
        
            candidate will help with the evaluation of security-related tools, partake in monthly security risk briefing calls, and configure and validate security solutions. must have three to five years of information security experience. option to work remotely.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop compelling core messaging for certified partner segments, create stories that resonate with customers, and create effective marketing content. must have five to seven years of product marketing experience.
        
            promote and sell a cross platform digital advertising fraud intelligence system. manage the full sales cycle, reach goals, make recommendations, and provide information. must have 2-5 years of experience in quota-driven sales. flexible and remote hours.
        
            senior software developer is needed for a remote role. he/she will create new features and advance the platform to meet and exceed industry and client needs. must be able to produce high-quality code. prior related experience is required.
        
            the microsoft 365 operations engineer will be deploying ms 365 platform services, architecting solutions, conducting health checks, & troubleshooting issues. must have a bachelor's degree in cs or three to five years' systems engineering exp. remote role.
        
            remote opportunity for a site reliability engineer, observability engineer. will create observability solutions, contribute to the brand, and align monitoring and observability solutions with educational platforms. need a ba/bs and previous experience. 
        
            senior platform engineer is needed for a remote opportunity. the candidate will lead backend application development and assist in resolving issues. must have knowledge of java and microservices. bachelor's degree and prior related experience required.
        
            full-time position. will develop marketing materials, conduct research, capture new materials, direct photography shoots and provide expertise. 3+ years' related graphic design experience required. telecommute. 
        
            full-time, partially remote position. duties include managing event-related logistical details, assisting with developing event designs & concepts, coordinating the mailing of invitations & materials, and negotiating with vendors. bachelor's preferred.
        
            f/t remote technical project manager needed to manage multiple projects with a focus on coordinating the completion of highly technical projects internally and externally. 5 years of project management and agile software development team experience req.
        
            remote f/t clinical program design specialist needed to create and evaluate our evidence-based, high-quality behavioral health programs. master's degree in behavioral health, 2 years with clinical services delivery, & 3 years in a research setting req.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will supply oversight for all new and existing client systems, develop and maintain strong client relationships, and monitor regular account health. must have seven plus years of software project management experience.
        
            temporary job, remote during pandemic. needs a bachelors' degree and five years' work related experience.oversee the development of an educational curriculum, help organizations understand the applications, identify and solicit local news organizations. 
        
            f/t software engineering manager needed to manage and grow an engineering team focused on delivering mission-critical distributed systems. bachelor's degree & 7 years of industry exp with 2 years in engineering management req. remote during pandemic.
        
            full-time position. will build relationships, evolve product strategies, influence product design, resolve problems and articulate opportunities. bachelor's degree preferred and 5+ years' related experience required. remote option. 
        
            responsible for creating/updating/presenting technical content to stakeholders. requires a technical field bachelor's (master's preferred) with 6+ years' experience in technical sales engineering, training, team leadership, and customer success. remote.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a software engineer. will help design and build new features, maintain existing features, fix defects, refactor old code, prioritize tasks, deliver code, and participate in agile processes. need bcs and one year of exp.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a privacy and cybersecurity associate. will help grow privacy and cybersecurity practice. need five years of direct experience including drafting policies, editing contracts, and leading compliance audits and programs. 
        
            manage the business development and growth of the company and serve as expert and advisor. handle client onboarding, development, and strategy. must have experience with project management. remote and flexible work options offered. travel.
        
            work with sales professionals and prospective clients to identify technical solutions. requires a bachelor's degree, salesforce certification, strong crm knowledge, and 8+ yrs' experience. full-time role; some travel required. wfh during pandemic.
        
            customer success architect needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position with travel involved. will be responsible for providing customer support. experience in a similar role and bachelor's degree in a related field required.
        
            customer success architect needed for a full-time opportunity. this is a remote position with travel involved. will be responsible for developing customer reviews and influencing product roadmap. related experience and bachelor's degree required.
        
            remote position will engage in capability/technology roadmap development, translate business requirements into technical solutions, and provide leadership to teams to deliver projects/enhancements. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            work-from-home opportunity. seeking an assistant controller to develop policies, align contract terms, and review accounts receivable operations. bachelor's degree and eight to ten yrs' exp. in the field required. full-time. 
        
            full-time, remote position. responsibilities include overseeing omnichannel marketing activities for a mobile app, identifying customer requirements & new business opportunities, writing user stories, and managing & prioritizing an xr product backlog. 
        
            drive the strategy and execute multi-channel onboarding and lifecycle strategy for wordpress.com, interface with users and develop ways to present the correct information. technical knowledge skills and channel expertise is expected. remote position. 
        
            full-time, remote position. will drive launch strategies, collaborate with team, drive content creation and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related outbound marketing experience required. 
        
            oversee the full revenue accounting cycle ranging from contract review and revenue recognition assessment to customer invoicing and collections must have a bachelor's degree, cpa, and 8 years of experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            remote-to-start role for a search engine optimization manager. will develop seo strategies and tactics, monitor, analyze and enhance rating/reviews and performance, conduct audits, provide insights, and manage software. need ba/bs and three years' exp.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree and seven years' work related experience. responsible for  plan deliverables, manage scope, align resources, provide communication, manage all phases of projects/programs and define scope.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will oversee multiple development teams, coordinate global training and platform adoption, and assure the successful execution of all development projects. must have eight plus years of technical experience.
        
            partial remote position will own hiring, full-cycle recruiting, driving hiring strategy, develop/maintain relationships, innovating sourcing, and contribute to larger technical recruiting strategic planning. need four years of experience in recruiting. 
        
            review, coordinate, and curate high-volume content for an informational platform in the technology industry. requires high-level detail, negotiation/communication skills, and 3+ yrs' exp. full-time role with benefits, wfh options, & flexible hours.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a senior business analyst. will assess and identify client needs, prioritize and document requirements, establish project scope, and assemble, analyze and present specifications. need a ba/bs and five years of exp.
        
            position with the option to work remotely for a performance marketing manager. will design and conduct experiments by creating campaigns on digital channels, and provide reports and performance improvement updates. need three years of experience. 
        
            lead web developer senior needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers flexible hours. thre years' open-source web development experience and knowledge of software development best practices required. bachelor's degree preferred.
        
            seeking candidate with ba/bs degree and a strong knowledge of database design and troubleshooting to participate in the programming, implementation, testing, and support of web-based projects using modern frameworks. flexible hours. $48k/year base.
        
            turn business client expectations into scalable and functional websites that meet business needs and maximize site traffic. a bachelor's degree is preferred. full-time role with a flexible schedule and extensive benefits. $47k-$52k/year. 
        
            option for telecommuting, flexible schedule. candidate will help build out the company's flagship product, develop trustworthy user experiences, and work cross-functionally with other teams. must have experience with modern javascript and react.
        
            computer vision engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position will be remote during pandemic then offers option to be remote or on-site. bachelor's degree in a related field and one year of experience required. five years' preferred.
        
            write, modular, clean code in order to implement desired requirements, coordinate and communicate with team members, optimize code, diagnose issues relating to technical customers and add and automate tests. fully remote job.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and five years' software development experience. provide instruction and architecture coordination to software engineers, increase knowledge of how products are used and provide leadership and oversight.
        
            seeking a site reliability engineer to define the architecture, develop software, and build technical relationships with partners. bachelor's degree in cs and three-plus yrs' exp. in software development required. full-time, at home position. 
        
            full-time, remote position. will monitor and track developments, maintain confidentiality, collaborate with team, mentor engineers and provide estimates. bachelor's degree and 7+ years' related experience required. 
        
            work cross-functionally to design, build, implement, and monitor web services. requires a bachelor's degree with api/python experience or an equivalent combination. work from home full-time with benefits and a flexible schedule.
        
            ensures value is delivered to customers, supports the growth of engineering staff, helps improve the sdlc, & contributes to team & company initiatives. must have experience in cross-functional team management in the engineering field. remote position.
        
            full-time role. remote during the pandemic. he/she will design it solutions, develop continuous improvement, modernize engineering practices, and drive innovation of new technologies. travel 10%. degree in it or software engineering required. 
        
            design and lead the creation of scalable, secure and consumer-first experience, develop and drive improvements and implement product features. 5+ years of experience in engineering is needed. option for remote job based in the u.s.
        
            full-time position. will maintain software, collaborate with team, review code, deliver new features and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 8+ years' related experience required. remote option. $130,000/yr.
        
            develop, test, and launch effect applications for hr operations. requires a bachelor's degree, strong erp knowledge, familiarity with employment regulations, and 6+ yrs' exp. full-time, mostly remote position with benefits; some travel required. 
        
            remote job for candidate who will craft innovative learning components, design comprehension checks, assessment activities, and certification processes, and perform user research. ba/bs degree and 3 years' instructional design exp. req. $98k-$103k/year.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. duties include executing media & messaging strategies, producing press releases, developing relationships with members of the press, and monitoring, analyzing, & communicating campaign results.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will manage implementation activities, maintain domain expertise, and collaborate with it operations management team on strategy and direction. bachelor's degree required. master's degree preferred. 
        
            manage and oversee educational apps with a suite of company products, drive the product roadmap and vision, maintain deep product updates and knowledge, and lead the development of fixes and additions. remote work is allowed during covid-19.
        
            software developer will be responsible for improving page optimization, create/implement design solutions, and ensure the feasibility of designs. must have solid architecture experience. remote work options. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. he/she will recruit, hire, and mentor a team of software engineers and technical leaders and plan projects with product management team. experience as technical and individual contributor required. ba/bs degree desired. 
        
            remote position will translate customer needs into apis, integration experiences, identify emerging technology/trends, ship solutions, improve key product/business metrics, and calculate tradeoffs. need five years of hands-on product management exp. 
        
            partially remote role for a systems engineer. will help drive revenue and selling solutions, develop pre-sales engineering design, create bill of material, provide technical training, and drive territory account plan. need government clearance and ba/bs.
        
            write maintainable, performant code that is easy to read and well-documented, create automated tests to thoroughly validate your code's correctness, and participate in the deployment of large-scale web applications. 3+ yrs of relevant experience is ideal.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will conduct market research, perform analyses, facilitate feedback, execute campaigns and present to customers. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            partial remote job with 25% travel for candidate who will lead a team of product and technical marketing managers and develop persona materials to be used by marketing and sales. 15 years' b2b marketing experience required. ba/bs degree preferred.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will work with the assessment programs team to define continuous improvement initiatives and work with stakeholders on marketing and sales proposals. must have 10 years of assessment development experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will provide end-to-end solutions for applications in enterprise applications, oversee the technical and functional architecture design, and test features. must have eight plus years of industry experience.
        
            manage and lead the successful delivery of cross-functional program initiatives, and coordinate with the product and engineering teams to drive the implementation of large-scale complicated technical projects. 5 - 8 years of experience is needed. remote. 
        
            full-time, remote opportunity. candidate will create and customize interfaces using html and javascript, identify and describe key goals, and make complex modifications to software applications. must have five to seven years of sql experience. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs bachelor's degree and five  years' work related experience. lead technical and operational programs across the email platform infrastructure engineering team, and will work with other organizations impacted by these programs.
        
            play an essential role in providing a seamless interview process for candidates and recruiters. must have 2-3 years of work experience coordinating and giving administrative support within talent acquisition departments. wfh.
        
            remote position for a technical program manager, customer success. will plan, outline, initiate and lead projects to define and improve customer experience, pitch project ideas, and plan and scale with customer success team. need technical experience. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will provide oversight and project management for government technology projects. will assess system architecture, network requirements and technical design. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' relevant experience required. 
        
            full-time partial remote role will manage technical aspects of government technology projects. will provide oversight and assessment for system architecture, technical design, and network requirements. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' experience required. 
        
            f/t remote technical accountant needed to perform highly technical and complex accounting and reporting research. bachelor's degree in a related field, 4 years experience, cpa license, & technical experience with grants award accounting issues required. 
        
            digital marketing specialist is needed for a remote role. he/she will develop and execute interactive marketing, mobile, and digital strategy to ensure revenue generation. bachelor's degree and at least 5 years of relevant experience required.
        
            the sr. project manager will help develop gtm strategies for third-party messaging channels, oversee the delivery of strategic offerings, & manage project risks. five to eight years' project management & related exp. is required. this position is remote.
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will provide guidance to customers, conduct needs assessments and focus groups, develop learning objectives and instructional strategies, and design learning materials. experience in learning & development req.
        
            f/t partial remote consultant needed to help organizations implement strategies and actionable plans to face any type of business or technical disruption. bachelor's degree, 1-3 years experience, presentation skills, and the ability to travel required.
        
            remote opportunity for a technical project manager. will identify and resolve dependencies, manage cross-functional initiatives, remove impediments, communicate status, timelines and risks, and coach and mentor teams. need a ba/bs and two years of exp.
        
            the principal security researcher will provide oversight for researching and implementing the product's detection and defense features. candidates should have web application security expertise and bot protection experience. the position is remote.

        
            senior ios developer is needed for a full-time role. he/she will design, develop, and code ios applications to meet customer expectations and specifications. must have knowledge of complexity analysis. prior relevant experience req. option for remote.
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include developing new concepts related to direct response messaging, assisting with developing a content strategy & managing content production, and driving brand consistency.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will conduct analyses, determine strategies, drive improvement, collaborate with team and provide expertise. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. 
        
            remote position will develop software, design/implement new technologies, estimate/deliver projects/initiatives on schedule, troubleshoot/problem solving, and create enterprise-grade application services. ba degree required and seven years of exp. 
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include developing & executing creative solutions across various mediums, conceptualizing new campaign ideas, presenting ideas to stakeholders, and testing content across channels. 3 - 5 yrs' design experience required.
        
            help develop and execute creative strategies to source and engage with the best technical talent across the apac region in a variety of digital marketing roles. must have 3+ years of proven work experience as a talent sourcer or similar. wfh.
        
            remote position overseeing information security product activities and a team of engineers. align strategies and product development, support issue resolution, and serve as a change agent. must have 7 years' experience, a bs, and preferably case or giac.
        
            remote temporary contract position will review/edit multiple lessons/assessments, ensure adherence to program style, make direct edits/suggestions for improvements, review content, and respond to questions. ba degree required and three years of exp. 
        
            be responsible for developing a range of security-related products at an edge cloud platform. deep knowledge of http and related networking protocols and strong linux and system administration and shell scripting skills required. wfh.
        
            remote job for candidate who will build reusable code and libraries for future use, design public api application interfaces, and evaluate, plan, implement, and deploy new features. ba/bs degree and four years' software development engineer exp. req.
        
            candidate will lead or play an instrumental role in fundraising efforts, provide leadership, and help steer a strategy and work plan for the urban mobility work stream. master's degree and 15 years' exp. req. remote job during pandemic. $124k-$167k/year.
        
            full-time partial remote role will teach clinical psychology and general psychology courses. candidate will mentor, teach, and evaluate students and build relationships. phd in psychology, active psychologist license, and 2+ years' teaching exp. required.
        
            partial remote job for candidate who will support execution of the business revenue and budget commitment plan and support the customer throughout the product lifecycle,. 5-7 years' marketing or product management exp. and ba/bs degree req. 50% travel.
        
            full-time partial remote role. he/she will build and migrate applications, software, and services onto the platform.
bachelor's degree and 5+ years' management  or team leadership experience required. knowledge of cloud computing concepts required. 
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will own projects from design through development to production, distill fast-moving product requirements into tangible engineering tasks, and write automated tests. six years' functional programming exp. req.
        
            help drive strategy with risk-appropriate security controls, threat modeling, security best practices, and implicit/frictionless governance in aws. must have a bachelor's degree and 8+ years of software engineering experience. wfh.
        
            utilize technology to make marketing programs more effective in addition to helping craft more personalized customer experiences that help grow the customer base. at least 6-8 years of marketing experience required. wfh.
        
            full-time position. will provide insights, conduct audits, develop new seo, interface with staff and identify new opportunities. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. travel.
        
            remote role with travel required. candidate will oversee the clinical operations of assigned studies, conduct reviews of monitoring visit reports, and manage study investigators. must have an understanding of the clinical research process. 
        
            full-time position. will resolve problems, maintain documentation, provide coaching, implement policy changes and identify opportunities. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. remote during pandemic. $85,100/yr.
        
            work on team-based initiatives to develop and optimize blockchain programming capabilities for software-building products. requires full-cycle testing knowledge and 3+ yrs' experience, preferably with a bs degree. full-time, remote optional role. 
        
            full-time remote role for engineer. he/she will write software to solve problems. must be able to write resilient, scalable software and have strong backend exp. flexible working hours. knowledgeable with aws, kubernetes, prometheus, and kafka necessary. 
        
            work virtually and engage with web apps developers, the product owner and service developers, and propose technical work and reliability enhancements in occasional work sessions with stack peers. must have 3+ years of relevant work experience. 
        
            manage the budget process, conduct complex financial analysis, improve complex financial models, develop reports, and more. bachelor's degree and four years of relevant experience are required. full-time, remote position to start.
        
            f/t software developer needed to provided software engineering services, custom application development, and commercial off-the-shelf application implementations. bachelor's degree and 8 years of related experience required. remote during the pandemic. 
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs bachelor's degree and prior consulting experience. test black box testing and in depth reviews of source code, identify vulnerabilities that are detectable, code and review static analysis, test mobile apps.

        
            produce high-quality visuals from concept to execution, and craft new user experiences that help solve complex problems. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience with product design and/or user interface design.
        
            full-time position. will maintain web applications, collaborate with team, conduct reviews and assist with projects. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule. remote option.
        
            remote position will build the automation tools, deliver products to customers that meet needs, automate parts of the infrastructure, create new monitors/alerts, and take ownership of cloud-first initiatives. need four years of experience. 
        
            partial remote position will document detailing market opportunities/associated product strategy, up to date market landscape/product analysis, product collateral/sales tools, and ensure execution. ba degree required and three years of experience. 
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and seven to ten years' marketing technology exp. to own the design and implementation of marketing journey capabilities that enable the company to deliver superior client experiences. remote job during pandemic.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and expert understanding of linux systems configuration and administration. build, scale, automate and secure infrastructure, support software development, develop  pipelines and increase deployment.
        
            optional remote job for candidate who will develop software, perform unit testing to ensure delivery quality, present technical findings and developments, and adhere to the software development process. seven years' c/c++ software development exp. req.
        
            part-time, remote job for candidate who will field inbound sales inquiries via email and phone calls, understand prospective client needs, demo platform solutions to prospective clients, and update clients on new releases. two years' sales exp. req.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will lead discovery efforts across varying engagements, support the team in delivering a validated roadmap for a product, and build prototypes. must have seven plus years of experience in software development.
        
            full-time position. remote option. will collaborate with team, lead design direction, manage product delivery and provide industry expertise. master's degree and 12+ years' related experience required. 
        
            senior product manager is needed for a remote role. he/she will own product feature areas and be responsible for meeting kpis and objectives. must be able to work in a fast-paced environment. at least 5 years of related experience is required.
        
            provide consulting services regarding organizational effectiveness and give advice to senior leadership. make recommendations on information that is obtained. must have 10 years of experience and preferably a bachelor's degree or greater. remote.
        
            full-time position with remote option. will review requirements, perform code reviews, write design specifications and conduct unite testing. bachelor's degree and 1+ years' related experience required. flexible schedule.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will use user experience research to create cohesive wireframes and prototypes, oversee projects from start to finish, and utilize a/b testing to present design solutions. must have three years of digital design experience.
        
            lead the development, testing, and optimization of mobile-based solutions. requires android/javascript skills, a bachelor's degree, and 3-5+ years' experience. work from home full-time with benefits. $122k/year. 
        
            lead full-cycle iot projects, including planning, stakeholder coordination, timelines, and budgets. requires strong linux knowledge, leadership skills, a master's degree, and 6+ years' experience. full-time, remote optional position. 
        
            full-time, remote candidate will oversee a team of experience designers through strategy development, conduct user research, and develop solutions to create clear, usable interfaces. must have 10+ years of experience designing websites and applications. 
        
            full-time, remote position. duties include identifying opportunities, drafting requirements, performing research to determine user needs, translating findings into effective user experiences, and creating wireframes & prototypes. bachelor's required.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will perform gap analyses, determine test requirements, communicate changes and support applications. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. travel.
        
            full-time job, some remote work. travel. needs a bachelor's degree, fluent in english, french and dutch and four years' sales experience. meet goals for the territory sales, develop and execute a territory business plan, and will execute a sales strategy.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will help develop organizational growth, oversee all human resources-related activities, and develop ways to promote the culture throughout the organization. must have eight years of hr business partner or hr generalist exp.
        
            f/t remote application developer needed to design, develop, coordinate, and maintain all aspects of the delivery of solutions for an established mobility system. bachelor's degree and 4 years of experience in complex systems design required.
        
            client service specialist is needed for a remote role. he/she will serve as the front-line support for a variety of inquiries from international healthcare providers and patients. must be fluent in spanish and/or portuguese. prior related experience req.
        
            use various channels to attract, retain and convert potential candidates, manage offers and contact active candidates to build talent pipelines. must have 6+ years of technical sourcing experience for mobile, web, and software development orgs. wfh.
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. duties include leading a team of researchers & product designers, developing user flows, wireframes, & prototypes, and assessing & optimizing the performance of features. 12+ yrs' experience required.
        
            f/t java developer needed to analyze, design, implement enhancements, and create test automation scripts to meet business requirements. experience in java-based application development required. remote during the pandemic. 4-year temporary contract.
        
            the strategic program manager will design business processes, execute projects, & lead a global team. this can be a wfh role, but travel is required. must have a degree & at least five years' business, project management, operations, or equivalent exp.
        
            senior administrator needed for a currently remote position responsible for troubleshooting and resolving problems, performing automations, seeking out and developing opportunities, and building business relationships. 
        
            senior windows administrator is needed for a full-time role. he/she will provide level 2 technical support to application owners, developers, and related teams. must possess expert knowledge of windows server systems. prior related experience req. remote.
        
            develop relationships with influencers and creators and work with those creators to promote the ed product and acquire new customers. one year of experience in influencer marketing is preferred. wfh with flex hours for $25-$50/hour. contract.
        
            full-time, remote position paying $125,000 a year. ba/bs, ten+ years' experience managing projects, three+ years' service desk experience, exceptional negotiating skills, and computer proficiency. will liaise with stakeholders, implement plans. 
        
            chief marketing officer is needed for a full-time role. he/she will develop and champion the marketing strategy and team by overseeing all aspects of marketing. must possess high analytical skills. at least 15 years of related experience is req. remote.
        
            f/t remote senior product designer needed to own the user experience design of a key feature from start to finish. 5+ years in product design, ux design, service design, or a related field, and a portfolio showing work from start to finish required. 
        
            looking for an experienced front-end developer who is comfortable in the modern react ecosystem. must have a bachelor's degree and 3+ years of front-end development within all stages of the sdlc. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time, remote candidate develop strong partnerships with hiring managers to identify recruitment needs, oversee the full recruitment cycle, and build a pipeline of qualified candidates. must have two plus years of experience with recruiting.
        
            full-time, remote tech recruiter will work with hiring managers to determine recruitment needs, build a pipeline of qualified candidates for various positions, and conduct interviews. must have two plus years of full life cycle recruiting experience. 
        
            remote position will analyze/translate underwriting intent/correlate profitability impact into policy-form language, manage product life cycle, draft policies, manuscript endorsement, and manage admitted forms. ba degree required and ten years of exp. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs 15 years' work related experience and experience with  saas tools.assist with development of overall grm strategy, drives implementation, identify and helps with prioritization of sales and marketing and work with leadership.
        
            full-time position. will conduct research, resolve issues, meet goals, draft documentation and escalate issues. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. partially remote with travel. 
        
            a work-from-home senior product designer is needed to lead the design team, create details of product features, and produce designs. must have excellent product design skills and a strong portfolio. full-time role with benefits. 
        
            develop core narrative for advertisers as well as a thought leadership platform for the ad platform and audience. must have 5-10 years experience in advertiser marketing for a major digital advertising platform. full-time, remote position.
        
            oversee a complex health insurance support and processing program. ensure center operations run smoothly and manage people, resources, risks, strategy, and other factors. requires a bachelor's degree and 4 years of relevant program management experience.
        
            remote role with travel for a product design director. will lead and develop a team of managers and product designers, establish design vision and strategy, and help create engagement strategies and approaches. need a ba/bs and 10 years of experience. 
        
            the ad will lead clinical operations & provide program & people management. must have a university degree & at least 12 years' experience in clinical research. exp. leading clinical trial operations is required. this is a work-from-home role with travel.

        
            partial remote job for candidate who will take the lead on helping build cutting edge features into the product, upgrade api documentation to be automatically generated using the standard, and build a scalable engine. five years' experience required.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop an operations team of network and systems engineers, define a strategy that moves the operating culture to the next level, and measure kpis. must have several years of experience in senior-level management.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will implement campaigns, maintain industry knowledge, develop campaigns and coordinate toolkit creation. bachelor's degree and 2+ years' related experience required. travel. $49,100/yr.
        
            handle the creation and deployment of layouts, graphics, and computer-based artwork required for assigned internal/external communications, assist in estimating production costs and manage work completed by external vendors. remote position. 
        
            full-time position with the option of remote work. responsibilities include converting architectures & designs into deployment deliverables, supporting pre-sales activities, testing solutions, and troubleshooting & resolving issues. bachelor's required.
        
            candidate will help develop the web application, execute front-end and back-end solutions, and write versatile code that adapts to change. must have a bachelor's degree. role has the option to telecommute with a flexible working schedule.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a bachelor's degree and two years' work related experience. understand clients' needs and can create solutions that fit their  needs, translate business and functional requirements from clients into documented specifications.
        
            full-time job, remote option. pays $96,096 a year.needs a bachelor's degree and five years' work related experience. through interviews will understand target users, core problems and validate solutions and will navigate problem space to manage backlog,
        
            full-time job, some remote work. needs a bachelor's degree and two years' work related experience. understand clients' needs, convey the best solution, translate business and functional requirements from clients, own resourcing logistics and matchmaking.
        
            behavioral health clinician needed for a position with option for remote work. schedule can be full-time or part-time. master's degree in a related field, two years' experience, and related license or registration required. $28.71-$39.26 per hour.
        
            remote position for a product manager, enterprise sales. will research and understand target users, validate solutions, manage backlog, plan roadmaps, ensure successful product launches, and facilitate communication. need ba/bs and five years' experience.
        
            build, maintain and refine high-performance, scalable systems from conception to completion. must have a bachelor's degree and 5 years of software engineering experience. full-time, remote position with flex hours.
        
            full-time position. will build relationships, maintain industry knowledge and attract talent. bachelor's degree or equivalent work history and 10+ years' related experience required. work from home option. 
        
            remote, full-time job. needs bachelor's degree and five-eight years' experience in technical management. lead and handle the delivery of high impact program initiatives, coordinate with  product and engineering teams, document and instill good practices.
        
            duties for this remote position include creating content, marketing assets, and core messaging, supporting engagements, and developing and delivering training and enablement activities. bachelors and over 25% travel required.
        
            position with the option to work remotely for a product marketing manager. will build, refine and articulate messaging, positioning and differentiation, create/manage marketing assets, and develop/monitor marketing plans. need a ba/bs seven years of exp.
        
            full-time, option to work remotely. candidate will work with the product team to help improve the product offering, deploy and manage systems in the aws cloud, and partake in agile ceremonies for software development. must have 4-6 years of experience.
        
            senior software engineer will be responsible for collaborating and developing new features and product enhancements and solving front-end issues. ruby on rails, react, python , postgres skills are a plus. remote.
        
            seeking candidate with five years' experience successfully managing complex calendars and expenses to be responsible for calendar management, prepare materials for senior team and board meetings, and coordinate and book travel. remote job during pandemic.
        
            organize the runway items needed to facilitate enablers to their delivery teams, and work with all teams to ensure all roadmaps are aligned and release trains delivering on schedule. must have a bachelor's degree and 10 years of experience. wfh.
        
            be a key contributor on the email platform team, where you will develop and maintain highly scalable services. must have a bachelor's degree and 4+ years of software development experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time opportunity starting out working remotely. responsibilities include leading brainstorming sessions, determining clients' objectives & target audience, strategically solving clients' challenges, and developing compelling proposals.
        
            full-time, remote job. needs a master's degree and three years' work related experience. lead and manage faculty and courses within a domain specific school , champion program quality, consistency and growth, build transparency, perform ad hoc tasks.
        
            full-time partial remote role will assist clients with designing complex application, manage project timeline and budget, build stakeholder relationships, and conduct workshops & training for clients. travel. ba/bs degree and project management exp. req.
        
            remote contract ui designer/artist needed to create engaging and visually stunning tools that teach math to students from k-8th grade. 3-5 years of game development or similar interactive software exp using agile/scrum methodologies required. temporary.
        
            full-time, partially remote position. will interface with staff, provide design input, conduct reviews, deliver presentations and meet business needs. bachelor's degree and 5+ years' related experience required. 
        
            full-time position starting out working remotely. responsibilities include supervising daily activities of support coordinators, managing workloads, budget, & schedules, providing monthly reports, and preparing correspondence. bachelor's required.
        
            backend engineer needed for a full-time opportunity. this position offers option for remote work and flexibility in schedule. experience with backend of technology product and interest in distributed systems required. 69,000-116,000 annually.
        
            associate director needed for a flexible, remote option position requiring strong problem-solving ability, travel, exceptional management skills, and multi-tasking. will lead and support teams, build relationships, troubleshoot issues.  
        
            lead a team that will resolve critical technical issues and scope by providing technical leadership and management. strong proficiency in analyzing and writing software requirements is needed. telecommute from home and travel frequently to visit clients.
        
            seeking candidate with bachelor's degree and coding/scripting experience to maintain and augment monitoring systems, produce and improve internal documentation, live-debug applications, and maintain and augment monitoring systems. remote job.
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor's degree and four years' engineering experience. manage the technical aspects on engagements, serve as the point of escalation and collaborator for clients and will advise them on process improvements.
        
            remote position will develop/execute strategies, optimize current web pages, build performance reports, review/analyze sites for areas to be improved, carry out seo functions, and conduct analysis. ba degree required and four years of experience. 
        
            partial remote job with 25-40% travel for candidate who will identify strategic customer use cases, support a team of senior sellers through the opportunity lifecycle, and provide product capability positioning. 8 years' software product sales exp. req.
        
            establish and drive programs for enterprise-wide risk management, advise customers on how to utilize the company solutions, and with creating, educating, and delivering rollout plans and security policies. remote job with light travel. 
        
            full-time position. will establish boundaries, deliver feedback, collaborate with team, provide input, serve as liaison and implement strategies. 5+ years' related healthcare experience required. telecommute. 
        
            manage content marketing in a remote capacity to support company goals. determine ways to translate technical ideas into user friendly stories across various channels. must have a bs and 5 years of marketing experience.
        
            candidate will lead the work of 5-10 engineers for assigned engineering projects, translate requirements into technical solutions, and come up with high level design ideas. ba/bs degree and 4 years' software engineering exp. req. wfh job during pandemic.
        
            field sales representative is needed for a full-time role. he/she will handle all account management activities for the dental professionals within the assigned region. must meet or exceed sales targets. prior related experience required. remote.
        
            remote position will develop/execute a go-to-market plan, pitch/close deals, drive pipeline, sales, revenue/exceeding quota goals, guide prospective customers through demos, and ensure customer satisfaction. need eight years of experience. 
        
            full-time job, remote option. needs a bachelor' degree and ten years' security experience., serve as security authority for it, develop security first strategy, serve as a subject matter expert, design and implement architecture of security solutions. 
        
            oversee application development of annuities it software including cloud, microservices, and restful apis. manage projects, ensure successful integrations, and provide support. must have a bs in a related field and 6 years of experience. remote option.
        
            deliver amazing machine learning products, developing creative solutions to engineering challenges. must have a master's degree and 5+ years of industry experience delivering and scaling machine learning products. full-time, remote position.
        
            full-time position with partial remote work and travel. will mentor staff, grade examinations, own course content, assist with projects and meet goals. bachelor's degree and related experience required. 
        
            remote position will be responsible for setting vision/direction for the team, institute product processes, identify/solve customer problems, and own/report business metrics to senior leadership. bs degree required and five years of experience. 
        
            remote position for a systems engineer. will support engineering teams on assigned initiatives, apply architectural goals, support technical execution, remove roadblocks, mentor engineers, and prioritize initiative tasks. need ba/bs and relevant exp. 
        
            remote position will provide consultation to managers/employees, ensure hr programs accomplish outcomes, plan/organize human resources, create/administer employee development programs, and coordinate activities. ba degree required and five years of exp. 
        
            partial remote position will identify strategic customer use cases, provide input on processes/procedures, develop/customize demos, perform scoping of customer's business requirements, and identify use cases. ba degree required and eight years of exp. 
        
            manage the team that creates original content for chronic condition/pharmaceutical content marketing programs across four health media brand sites. must have 5 years of editorial experience. full-time, remote position.
        
            f/t principal application security engineer needed to continuously improve and maintain the application security of our product offerings. bachelor's degree & 7-12 yrs of experience as an application security practitioner required. remote during pandemic.
        
            customer success engineer needed for a full-time, partially remote position requiring exceptional customer service skills, a strong understanding of tcp/ip networking, and exceptional interpersonal communication. will assist customers.
        
            review full-cycle development for multiple engineering products to ensure streamlined performance and adherence to quality standards. requires a bs degree and 7+ yrs' experience. full-time, partly remote role with benefits; 30% travel required. 
        
            full-time candidate will oversee the development and implementation of the bay area client care and maintain an understanding of grant and funding requirements. must have six plus years of exp. providing trauma-informed care. currently works remotely.
        
            option for remote work position. will provide technical feasibility/difficulty estimates, collaborate on projects, design and implement robotics algorithms, test and debug code and features, and assist with technical questions. need a bachelor's degree.
        
            temporarily remote role. candidate will use industry publications to compile research, provide thought leadership on research, and provide recommendations to the oversight committee. must have research and development experience.
        
            full-time, remote candidate will develop and execute a training plan for post-market surveillance-risk management, support deployment efforts, and drive the development of a guidance document. must have 10+ years of exp. in the medical device industry.
        
            major duties include leading production system implementation & helping create & maintain information systems. five years' it/software development experience is required, as is a high school diploma or ged. the company offers work-from-home opportunities.
        
            full-time, remote role with travel req. candidate will analyze and draft investigation documents, coordinate the work of the investigation team, and maintain documents relating to the investigative work. must have 3-5 years of internal investigations exp.
        
            partial remote job with 25% travel for candidate who will develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, define target market segments, and routinely update partners on metrics. 10 years' software industry exp. req.
        
            remote, full-time job. needs a bachelor's degree and eight years' work related experience. provide legal support across all lines of business, provide legal advice to the organization, perform litigation on the company's behalf or coordinate litigation.
        
            remote-during-pandemic role for a bilingual cybersecurity systems architect. will help shape security architectures, requirements and standards, explore and apply threat modeling, and monitor industry trends. need university degree and 10 years' exp. 
        
            partial remote job with post-covid travel for candidate who will keep ssh and tls cryptography up to date, integrate new features for client-side encryption, and ensure server products are compatible with client software. five years' experience required.
        
            temporary, partial remote job with travel for candidate who will manage a large project, establishing project management goals and success factors and developing and adapting project plans and budgets. ba/bs degree and project management exp. req.
        
            assist students and employers with billing and technical issues by phone and email. ensure users are satisfied, build relationships, and solve complex problems. three-month contract, telecommute role with possible extension or hire. pays $20 per hour.
        
            full-time remote role. he/she will work to understand user needs and goals, design components with micro-interactions, develop usage guidelines, and work to improve designs. bachelor's degree and 4 years' software engineering exp. required. 
        
            full-time role with remote option. candidate will develop technology strategy and vision and provide hands-on solution archtecture management. 10+ years' experience developing an delivering software and 4+ years' techn management experience required.
        
            remote-during-pandemic position for a digital storyteller, social media manager. will lead/grow social presence, curate/create content, oversee customer engagement, and provide reputation and community management. need ba/bs and five years of experience.
        
            act as the technical contact for customers regarding onboarding, escalation management, and technical engagement during the entire lifecycle. must have a bachelor's degree or equivalent high-tech experience and 6-8+ years' technology exp. partial remote.
        
            full-time position. will build relationships, communicate project issues, establish technical requirements and propose solutions. bachelor's degree and 3+ years' related experience required. telecommute. 
        experience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.unknownexperience supporting data scientists across their many specialities, from analytics to machine learning.support calms data science team with clear objectivesdefine and execute the data engineering roadmap (e.g. establish an operational data lake and a real-time reporting environment for the operations).understands how to break down the data, extract insights, and determine utility within larger data analytic products.utilizes data for reporting and influencing hiring decisions, while maintaining data integrity.partner with coordinators and recruiters to manage an efficientintegrate data from multiple data sets, analyze and interpret complex data sets and make findings relevant and actionable for both internal and externalcontribute to data models and designs for the data warehouse.our data strategy and operations team is focused on implementing and evolving client's investmentdemonstrated professional experience in tableau, including server administration, server functions, data source creation and maintenance, reporting andunknownthis role focuses on language data, primarily in the areas of writing and general data analysis deliverables.writing high-quality and engaging copy.partner with data engineers to build pipelines that apply clinical logic to raw data.become an expert in the data we collect and use that data to enable us toproactive communication : serves as a project expert, thought leader, and strategic advisor to business stakeholders and data science team; collaborate with allas part of the residency program, you will receive dedicated mentorship from our expert instructors and faculty to cultivate your development as a datathe ideal candidate will have a broad knowledge of data analytics, with a strong interest in teaching to multidisciplinary, liberal arts audiences, includingexperience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building etl pipelines.demonstrated strength in data modeling, etl development, and data warehousing.locates and acquires data from existing data locations as needed to support analytics and reporting.education focused in data and analytics.teach undergraduate and graduate courses in statistics, analytics, and data science.teaching responsibilities may include one or more courses including but notposition title adjunct lecturer in data science.the data science program at the college of william and mary is recruiting a pool of applicants for possibledeliver high quality data output under aggressive deadlines covering unique data analysis requests from a range of customers.business level fluency in english.work closely with data scientists and analysts to design and develop data mining and machine.distributed data systems such as hadoop and spark.demonstrated expertise in machine learning research.publication record in relevant conferences (e.g. neurips, icml, iclr, aaai, cvpr, iccv, eccv, acl, emnlp,use your understanding of the intelligence analysis process as a defense sme to translate complex data science approaches to solutions into meaningfulemphasis is on the role of data in developing business strategy.course explores the use of insights obtained from data to develop solutions to competitiveduties: discover, analyze and deliver data that applies to various business scenarios and opportunities; develop metrics and present them through qualityexperience in data science relevant to the position description.research experience in geospatial data science or a similar field is a requirement to startexperience with data visualization libraries such as matplotlib, pyplot, ggplot2.experience with machine learning, statistics, or other data analysis tools andto ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.experience working with sensitive or personally identifiable data and handling associated governance issues.analytical or research experience from any relevantunknownericsson research is looking for highly motivated and hardworking artificial intelligence researchers, bringing ai & machine learning to mobile networks.drive data engineering priorities that enable analytical and modeling success.f2 builds & supports all things payments and financial services experiences atcandidates should in addition be prepared to take full advantage of the rich array of resources at the uw for research and teaching in data science as well asthis role focuses on language data, primarily in the areas of writing and general data analysis deliverables.writing high-quality and engaging copy.partner with data engineers to build pipelines that apply clinical logic to raw data.become an expert in the data we collect and use that data to enable us toproactive communication : serves as a project expert, thought leader, and strategic advisor to business stakeholders and data science team; collaborate with allas part of the residency program, you will receive dedicated mentorship from our expert instructors and faculty to cultivate your development as a dataintermediate excel skills desire to continue to improve computational, statistical, behavioral and data science skills.knowledge of r is a plus.the ideal candidate will have a broad knowledge of data analytics, with a strong interest in teaching to multidisciplinary, liberal arts audiences, includingexperience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building etl pipelines.demonstrated strength in data modeling, etl development, and data warehousing.the ideal candidate will be able to lead our efforts at the intersection of data science, data engineering, machine learning, and statistics.basic and applied research in signal processing, theoretical modeling of physical systems, computational science or data science and deep learning.this will help our team gather enough data to teach computers to identify the same traits.additional special projects may be assigned if time allows.developing data-driven methods for clinical decision support in broad areas of medicine and healthcare.developing computational models of disease, constrainingrole played by data science in different fields.understanding the role played by statistical software in data sciences and selecting appropriate software toimplement best data analyses procedures.review realistic data collection plans.create a customized data analysis plan.max 19 hours per week, hours vary.partner with data engineers to build pipelines that apply clinical logic to raw data.become an expert in the data we collect and use that data to enable us toworking with other software engineers; experience working with data scientists a plus; experience with data science tools, ml, etc. a plus.bs degree in statistics, machine learning, or data science.ms degree in statistics, machine learning, or data science.currently a masters higher education in a related field of study  e.g. computer science, nlp and ml.we cater to all the flagship products, applications andpart-time faculty mathematics, statistics and/or data science instructor.**montgomery college accepts applications for adjunct/part-time faculty on asignificant data science or computer science expertise.they have expertise in cloud-based data management and analysis, conservation science workflows, andwe're looking for individuals in the data science field with the requisite education and skills to provide data-driven insights and help solve complex problemscollaborate with data architecture and other data engineering groups maintaining a focus on operationalizing data flows in the service of data science andour r&d group helps shape the baseball operations decision-making processes through the analysis and interpretation of data.experience with r or python.candidates must be proficient in programming using python and associated machine learning libraries and packages and have experience in the application ofuse your understanding of the intelligence analysis process as a defense sme to translate complex data science approaches to solutions into meaningfulyou think about data in terms of statistical distributions and have a big enough analytics toolbox to know how to find patterns in data, identify targets forensures business data and analysis requirements are met by properly applying data concepts, including data structures, collection and cleansing, and structureddeliver high quality data output under aggressive deadlines covering unique data analysis requests from a range of customers.business level fluency in english.all specialization areas in data science will be considered, however, preferred areas of expertise are data mining and visualization, cloud computing,collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of software engineers and data scientists on cross-functional projects, interpreting data, and translating intophd in applied mathematics, computational science or engineering.knowledge and expertise in computational science and code development.ability to pursue a career in data science.youll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends,in addition to a quantitative background, the selected candidates will ideally have one or more of the following attributes: a) a strong background in physicallocates and acquires data from existing data locations as needed to support analytics and reporting.education focused in data and analytics.this role focuses on language data, primarily in the areas of writing and general data analysis deliverables.writing high-quality and engaging copy.2 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities towork with the application development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models.we seek applicants in all content areas related to data science including data analysis, programming, statistics, machine learning and visualization.integrate advances in diverse fields of machine learning and computer science into modern analytics infrastructure and workflows.identify potential issues in data acquisition from the lc-ms instruments.bs degree in physical or mathematical science or equivalent stem degree.opportunity to mentor or co-mentor graduate students on industry practicum projects, which will expose the fellow to practical data science problems in industrya blend of data science capability, consulting expertise and industry experience (e.g. retail, cpg & loyalty), experienced storyteller with data andcollects and enters patient's data into database including: demographic, outcomes data, and assessment data.utilizes motivational techniques to assist patientsresearch design and data analysis.our mids program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch onlineserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatrequired skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textwe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andcreate our data science content roadmap and be able to communicate our goals to key internal and external stakeholders and implement feedback on an ongoingwe also offer many company-sponsored classes and conferences that focus on data science, ml, and engineering excellence.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.work closely with data scientists and analysts to design and develop data mining and machine.distributed data systems such as hadoop and spark.collaborate with engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way.you will work closely with marketing, product, science and software teams to uncover insights and enable data-driven decision making across all areas of themaintain and document work associated with analyses and data science products.collect and process data to perform statistical analyses.as an associate data scientist, you will be involved first hand with actual data science projects and writing code that matters.has solid data science industry experience.preferably has teaching experience alongside data science.is a data scientist with outstanding knowledge of andexperience in sharing data science/machine learning experiment results with both technical and business oriented people.identify and propose new use cases.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performancewe are a passionate, diverse team looking for data science professionals who can help us re-envision insurance in light of technical, societal, and consumerperform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions.possess statistical competence (such as regressionperforms data conversions to review calculations and averages to ensure publishable data.performs data collection and survey processing activities.1-year experience in data science with a focus on pricing analytics, statistical modeling, machine learning, forecasting and optimization.you will have access to princeton's first-class resources, the opportunity to co-author academic publications, to offer short courses and workshops on datathis position develops, tests, and maintains scalable and efficient data pipelines to acquire and transform large volumes of structured and unstructured data,unknownemphasis is on the role of data in developing business strategy.course explores the use of insights obtained from data to develop solutions to competitiveproject and/or classroom experience in areas like data analysis, optimization, machine learning, supply chain management, pricing and promotion analysis,experience working with sensitive or personally identifiable data and handling associated governance issues.analytical or research experience from any relevantknowledge of statistics or data visualization is a plus.understanding the data which our clients provide to us;umsi has an immediate need for instructional aides to support our online masters of applied data science program.administer and grade assignments using rubric.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.implement best practices for data performance, automation, compliance,engage in the classroom and reply to emails, students questions, etc. within 24 hours on non-holiday weekdays.be a faculty leader in your classes.design and implement model features using administrative claims data, engagement data, and other data sources.experience with healthcare data is a plus.part-time faculty mathematics, statistics and/or data science instructor.**montgomery college accepts applications for adjunct/part-time faculty on aestablish links across existing data sources and find new, interesting data correlations.strong knowledge of core computer science principles includingexperience with data mining and data visualization tools, such as alteryx, tableau etc.knowledge of data and analytics landscape.engage with domain experts to define requirements for data science solutions, define and develop alternative approaches, training data creation and curation,significant data science or computer science expertise.they have expertise in cloud-based data management and analysis, conservation science workflows, andcomputer sciences degree with data analysis/data science concentration.review/qc data to ensure accuracy of attribution reports.identify potential issues in data acquisition from the lc-ms instruments.bs degree in physical or mathematical science or equivalent stem degree.analyzes and models structured data and implements algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machineunderstanding of high performance algorithms and r statistical software ; experience in industry data science (e.g., machine learning, predictive maintenance);opportunity to mentor or co-mentor graduate students on industry practicum projects, which will expose the fellow to practical data science problems in industryyou will be part of an experienced software development team and will be asked to solve challenging 3d problems that will impact how dentist scan, design, andcollects and enters patient's data into database including: demographic, outcomes data, and assessment data.utilizes motivational techniques to assist patientsresearch design and data analysis.our mids program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch onlineassists in developing data quality measures, analyzing data quality results, and implementing necessary changes to ensure data quality improvement.an expert cloud data /ml engineer with an eye for ai.minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automatedexperience sourcing data for modeling from a star schema data warehousing architecture and feature engineering using sql.serve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatthese systems should be designed to scale with exponential growth in data and run continuously.you will be designing analytic applications that capture datarequired skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textattention to detail, self-motivation, flexibility, and resilience are critical and data visualization skills are a plus.this person will conduct research that uses big data including text corpuses and theory-based as well as data-based (machine learning) interpretation of suchperform demographic data analyses to showcase the characteristics of specific data sets to convey the benefits of using the different data sets.supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed.verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning.analysis- 50% of the time.experience with common data science toolkits such as r & python.ensure data integrity through testing of results.proficient using query languages such as sql.you will be working closely with our data science, product, engineering and care teams.dig into data with ad hoc analysis as necessary for technical, clinical,strong background in algorithms and data structures.utilizing spark hadoop mapreduce hive impala to perform distributed data processing pipelines.you have experience building and leading large and geographically distributed data science teams (100+).you have a deep technical background in applied dataexperience and training in data science.the position participates as a member of the data science team in identifying and analyzing school data, proprietaryadvise analysts and non-technical teams on issues where data science can make an impact.the key concerns of the data science team range from predicting theexperience performing data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation for medium to large datasets.work cross-functionally to define problem statements,intermediate excel skills desire to continue to improve computational, statistical, behavioral and data science skills.knowledge of r is a plus.you will use data exploration techniques to discover new questions or opportunities within your problem area and propose applicability and limitations of thebeing the expert on where data originates, how they are mapped and utilized in our products, and ultimately what value data delivers to our customers.as a recruiting lead on our data science sourcing & recruiting teams, you will work closely with recruiting and sourcing leaders, data science business leaderstransform data science protypes and applying appropriate ml algorithms and tools.build data apis and data delivery services that support critical operationalexperience with data mining and data visualization tools, such as alteryx, tableau etc.knowledge of data and analytics landscape.leverages data science methodology to solve complex business problems.partners with less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies.knowledge of data science technical stacks.dealing with the flood of sensor data requires us to build large-scale systems that ride the big data wave ratherthe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialprovide business ownership for the statistical tools and data analysis across the gsp data sciences efforts.in this vital role you will be a hands on technicalthe department of data science and business analytics at florida polytechnic university invites applications for a visiting assistant professor positionstrong computer science fundamentals including familiarity with basic algorithms and data structures.strong object-oriented programming and design skills.experience learning and applying state-of-the-art practices and methodologies for data disclosure including differential privacy and synthetic data generation.experience with the modeling and analysis of 3d geometrical data using standard algebraic and/or quaternion-based methods.collaborative efforts between math, science, and education faculty recently led to the funding of two major grants (a uteach replication grant worth up to $1.4data science, and cybersecurity and graduate programs in data science, cyber security, and cyber risk.terminal degree in data science, computer science, or ayou will work in the oncology programming department that oversees and delivers global programming aspects of clinical development, leads and maintains the endyou are a software engineer with an interest in modern user interfaces, data science, machine learning, search, or recommendation systems.document data sources, data definitions, strategies, models and policies.strong data querying skills using sql, hands-on data analysis experience using sas orpurdue university's department of computer and information technology invites applications for (2) tenure track faculty positions at the rank of assistantthis role requires deep understanding of data architecture, data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniques andwork with data engineering to keep abreast of data enrichment including first and third party data.develop profit optimization models with data and throughin this role, you will work with time-series data from multiple sensors, build data and machine learning pipelines, help integrate models on-device to power newthe department of biostatistics seeks a biomedical data scientist with expertise in biostatistical consulting and analysis of biomedical data including clinicalin this role, you will work with time-series data from multiple sensors, build data and machine learning pipelines, help integrate models on-device to power newan expert cloud data /ml engineer with an eye for ai.minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automateddevelop, document and maintain analytic data files.demonstrated experience in large-scale data management.master's degree in statistics, biostatistics, datanoblis is looking for cleared candidates to fill it positions at varying levels with program management, systems engineering, information security, and dataminimum of two years of experience in one or more of the following areas:- business translator (identifying business problem, initiative, analytics interventionexperience in data engineering a plus.tableau / data visualization experience a plus.the candidate will also produce creative solutions to complex businesshave confirmed history from school or work experience that demonstrates an ability to lead a data science or analytics.demonstrated experience working with and updating cached data.required skillsbachelors degree in computer science/ related degree or equivalent working6+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis.experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discoveryou think about data in terms of statistical distributions and have a big enough analytics toolbox to know how to find patterns in data, identify targets forexperience working with publicly available socio-demographic data, including us census data, local government data, and publicly available geographic data.generate insights from diverse data types, including physiological waveforms, bedside monitoring data, and data from electronic medical records.manipulate and / or build query statements to perform data extracts across multiple data sets and platforms.to translate data into intelligence.3+ years of experience in a data science capacity or the equivalent academic experience.experience with systems-level data science toolkits (scikit-learn,review case report forms to ensure appropriate data collection.review edit checks algorithm to ensure data quality for statistical analyses.a team of data scientists and data engineers.be part of and lead team of data scientists and data engineers.knowledge of computer science concepts.at least 1 year of solid data science industry experience.improving our data engineering and workflow.metis data scientists provide incredible and inspiring2 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities toexperience includes conducting energy studies and developing mathematical methods and techniques; developing mathematical/statistical techniques, approaches andphd degree in a quantitative field (computer science, electrical engineering, mathematics, physics, or similar).fluency in written and spoken english.hands-on experience with data science platforms, e.g., h2o, databricks, domino data etc. is a plus.managing and leading a team of data scientists will be aintermediate excel skills desire to continue to improve computational, statistical, behavioral and data science skills.knowledge of r is a plus.ph.d. in computational biology, chemical engineering, computer science, physical or biological sciences, machine learning, or related discipline.perform analysis on large sets of data to extract impactful insights that will help drive product decisions.possess statistical competence (such as regressioncollaborate closely with engineers, data scientists and team leads across the mission to build and promote shared methods to take data advised decisions.has a strong quantitative science background.develop novel analytics for visualizing and interpreting single-cell omics data.collaborate with engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way.acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems to empower operational and exploratory analysis.this is a great opportunity for fresh ms and phd graduates who want to start their career in data science.experience in data manipulation and cleaning.additionally, the person would work with cross-functional partners and other data scientists across instagram and facebook, communicating findings andcreate data annotation polygons using custom image marking tools.current or prior experience working with external usb drives and transferring data.develop data modeling and data driven solutions based on business requirements.define data quality gaps and make recommendations.the ideal candidate will have a broad knowledge of data analytics, with a strong interest in teaching to multidisciplinary, liberal arts audiences, includingminimum of 3-years experience in the data science/machine learning field.work with all teams within the company to identify areas where data science canyou have experience building and leading large and geographically distributed data science teams (100+).you have a deep technical background in applied data1-3 years of experience in data science and advanced data analytics.familiar with model and data pipelines.the associate data scientist is responsible for thebroader programs of research concerned with eliminating disparities in access to and/or outcomes in health that could be enhanced through application of newwe are seeking a passionate and talented principal applied scientist who will collaborate with other scientists and engineers to leverage machine learningturn data models and algorithms into software and evaluate model effectiveness by conducting tests on large sets of historical data.we are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of data analytics and data science including: datatransform data into actionable insights and recommendations.rest apis to leverage disparate data sources.processing, cleansing, and verifying the integritycomfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art.leverage customer specific data to drive sound omnichannel propositions, recommendations,5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,experience tracking full statistical data for basketball games.the statistician assists in the execution of ultimate hoops basketball league by tracking fullresponsible for coordinating data governance efforts for data science and scientific research.experience with production level data science systems (3 years).apply machine learning and data mining techniques to discover patterns from complex residential property data.collaborate with data scientists to analyze and select appropriate data models and algorithms that focus on improving clinical trials across multipleexperience with automation and improving overall data quality.our team is responsible for building data products/capabilities on the data platform, that willcombines data as needed from disparate data sources to complete analysis.follows best practices and established policies in business intelligence data analysisthe appointment would be made at the visiting assistant professor level and carry a teaching load of 3 quarter-length courses/year, focusing on upper-divisionduties of the position: part-time positions teaching undergraduate statistics courses including general introductory statistics along with those oriented toward2-4 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or saas product data a plus).this position is an opportunity to collaborate with a fast-growing and globally focused network of data scientists, machine learning engineers, and aiidentify trends in financial data and risk factors for businesses, process large amounts of collected data and make use of increased data points to increasedeliver high quality data output under aggressive deadlines covering unique data analysis requests from a range of customers.business level fluency in english.2+ years of data science experience.experience with multiple data science environments and tools.create algorithms for data cleaning.collaborate with data scientists to prepare data for machine learning applications (predictive analytics, natural language processing, etc.).work closely with data scientists and analysts to design and develop data mining and machine.distributed data systems such as hadoop and spark.contribute on all the stages of data science projects: from performing raw data mining to translating complex technical topics into business solutions.playing a key role in measuring, reporting and forecasting the profitability of the firms complex products and services, colleagues that focus on accountingdemonstrated expertise in machine learning research.publication record in relevant conferences (e.g. neurips, icml, iclr, aaai, cvpr, iccv, eccv, acl, emnlp,use your understanding of the intelligence analysis process as a defense sme to translate complex data science approaches to solutions into meaningfuldemonstrated experience applying data science methods to real-world data problems.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.pulling data, joining, and manipulating large datasets to support customer data warehouse, self-service data platform/tools and adhoc analyses.automating data science and machine learning algorithms.experience with big data technologies.we also offer many company-sponsored classes and conferencesemphasis is on the role of data in developing business strategy.course explores the use of insights obtained from data to develop solutions to competitivethis will help our team gather enough data to teach computers to identify the same traits.additional special projects may be assigned if time allows.interdisciplinary background with at least of one of those disciplines being data science, computer science, or a related field.ability to engage in the data science process, including data exploration, model development and evaluation, training, validation, and deployment.data analysis techniques (e.g., data mining and retrieval);effective data management, data dissemination, and online on-demand practices.the data science research analyst will support apco insight data science team members in executing advanced data analytics assignments on behalf of the1-3 years of experience in data analysis with emphasis on data and analytics.developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and otherbe a thought leader for data science methods for bioinformatics and genetics.background in molecular biology, genomics, or similar, combined with experienceextracting data, aggregating, and structuring data along different dimensions.work with large data sets to solve complex problems.experience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.clean and analyze data (includingpsychophysiology data).assist in collecting and analyzing data.the duke interdisciplinary behavioral research center (ibrc)experience working with and creating data architectures.participate in the planning of complex data and analytics strategy.completion of masters degree.collaborate with business stakeholders across the company to plan and execute valuable data science projects.you will be a direct contributor as well as mentorcandidates for the nsa's data scientist roles are asked to complete a data science examination evaluating their knowledge of statistics, mathematics, andin this capacity, you will develop datasets, data processing pipelines, statistical data analyses, and data documentation for research projects andfamiliarity with various data science pipelines and lifecycles for iterating models such as unix/liux pipelines would be ideal.knowledge of accelerator data management.understand accelerator data, how data is structured and managed, code development, documentation and proper codems in data science, computer science or other data-related field (exceptional bachelors degree considered).contribute to data-driven projects through hands-ondeveloping data-driven methods for clinical decision support in broad areas of medicine and healthcare.developing computational models of disease, constrainingstrong expertise in data science/machine learning.your deep technical knowledge will allow you to work across data science, product and engineering teamsas an experienced member of our engineering team, you will be responsible for rapid iterations on experimental technologies and models with the goal of maturingdevelop data science solutions that can be tested and deployed to enable data-driven recommendations and outcomes.use python and sql to assist with data cleaning, data profiling, and data exploration.although not a data scientist, youll be fully integrated into our datathe data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5g to high-performance computing, and dcg delivers thethe consultant should have thorough experience in migrating data from local shared drives to box cloud, including mirroring permissions.role played by data science in different fields.understanding the role played by statistical software in data sciences and selecting appropriate software toconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.actively participate as a contributing member on a team of data scientists through the whole workflow from data access, processing and modeling, to dataproficiency with data mining/gathering and manipulation of data sets.the team encompasses a variety of disciplines, from data governance and data strategyproficiency in statistical analysis of clinical research data using data science programming languages such as python and r.by creating an automated dashboard that unifies all the customer-centric data and machine learning models that identify issues before they become an escalation.work with data engineers to retrieve, clean and normalize data.identify strong ai/ml use cases in cloud security, data security and adjacent domains,experience building and troubleshooting data processes in sql.four-year bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, economics, engineering, the physicaldevelop experiments to collect data or models to simulate data when required data are unavailable.produce data visualizations that provide insight into datayou will work in the oncology programming department that oversees and delivers global programming aspects of clinical development, leads and maintains the endmanage data pipelines and delivery between data storage and end users.provide support, guidance and collaboration with team members to identify new datalead or support formal and/or informal training for fellow data science team members or other teams in the organization on the various tools used and createdunknowncollaborate with matrix partners to understand project developments, assess impacts to data and analytics.identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns inall specialization areas in data science will be considered, however, preferred areas of expertise are data mining and visualization, cloud computing,4+ years experience with a background in data science, statistical methods and testing, and model development.virtual tour of forward [youtube].demonstrated technical skills including sql, python and data science libraries evidenced by experience working with complex data sets and managing datacan present numerical data orally and in writing or through graphics.enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for buildingexperience with common data science toolkits such as r & python.ensure data integrity through testing of results.proficient using query languages such as sql.transform data and insights into compelling and creative visualizations.you have experience using applied statistics, and youre comfortable working withmanaging and monitoring multiple data pipelines and etl tasks related to multiple client data streams.working with various paid media client services, accountapply data science methods principles to test-and-control study design, implementation, and analysis.interface with various database platforms to pull data anddemonstrated experience in analysis and reporting of data-rich, logic-heavy functions; and identifying trends and indicators in the data.experience with large-scale data warehousing architecture and data modeling.as a member of the data product engineering team, you will work closely withusing big data, deep expertise and ai-driven platforms to decode the 21st century human experience  then redefine it in meaningful and surprising ways that putgreat skills in risk evaluation metrics development is a must as is significant experience in data ecosystems and data collection strategies.5+ years experience in a data modeling-related field with experience in predictive analytics, clustering, dimension reduction, and experimental designs indevelop, test, and deploy new data science models according to client needs.visualize the results of data analysis and reporting to be of optimal value and3+ years of experience managing analysis / data science teams.maintains industry leading knowledge of data science theory and techniques, particularly asappreciation for opportunities at the intersections of data science and biology.expertise in python and relevant data science packages (e.g. pandas, scipy,excellent sql - hands on experience manipulating data sets, data cleaning, and pipelines.3+ years industry experience developing, launching, and iterating onexperience in a data science role - preferably in the digital advertising industry and/or product analytics.experience working with adobe clickstream data.10-15 years data science background including data analytics, visualization, study design, and statistical methods.knowledge of python and python based data science / dsp oriented libraries (e.g. pandas, numpy, scipy, numba and cupy).passionate about data, analytics, and automation.an engineering degree in computer science or a relevant engineering field.write robust and testable code.bs degree in statistics, machine learning, or data science.ms degree in statistics, machine learning, or data science.currently a masters higher education in a related field of study  e.g. computer science, nlp and ml.we cater to all the flagship products, applications andtransformand analyzelarge volumes of data, combining customer and consumer data, as well as many other 3p data sources.helping lead change management for team.experience using sql or other programming language to write complex queries, perform data analysis, extract data, and manipulate data (2+ years).the portfolio architect is responsible for architecture and solution design of complex applications built using ai/ ml and optimization techniques to improvedrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources for deep statistical analysis and modeling.lead projects that use innovative data science methods (such as open source programming, machine learning; data linkage; statistical analysis; and big datasheppard and shape the data by developing efficient structures and schema for the data in storage and transit.proficient in java/scala/python/spark.extensive experience in data science, machine learning, statistics, or applied mathematics.support the development and facilitation of analytics trainingassist in the design and implementation of enterprise-scale data models and pipelines for remote sensing data.5+ years relevant work experience required.sheppard and shape the data by developing efficient structures and schema for the data in storage and transit.proficient in java/scala/python/spark.experience designing a data science roadmap and executing the vision behind it.track record of recruiting talent in analytics, data science, and softwareat least 3 years of professional computer science / data science / software engineering experience or a phd in a relevant field.you are a good fit if you have:7-10 years of commercial experience in a data science role solving high impact business problems.experience creating data product strategies, data products,from the data we have.answer tough questions that come up by analyzing our data and provide insights gained from analyzing data.and by collecting new data.you will be responsible for driving and democratizing insights about our core businesses, working cross-functionally with key business leaders to set businesscollaborate with other data scientists and stakeholders on projects.masters in stats, computer science or related field.developing solutions in r or python.respond to difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities.this person will collaborate with medical and basic science researchers in design, pipeline processing, analysis, and publication of cancer studies involvinghelps deepen and expand the data science toolkits available to farmers.supports complex and often vague business challenges involving data science for farmers.be a strong partner with data engineering teams on the data ecosystem and an advocate for the requirements of data scientists and data visualization engineers.unknownexperience managing a team of data scientists or data science projects.blizzard data science team develops machine learning data products to enrich playertransformand analyzelarge volumes of data, combining customer and consumer data, as well as many other 3p data sources.helping lead change management for team.4+ years experience in data science or engineering roles, building and launching successful data-driven products at scale.collaborate with engineers, product managers and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way.advanced proficiency in more than one (1) data management platform or data analysis software, eg., r studio.serve as point person for data questions.research design and data analysis.our mids program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch onlinedeveloping into a world-class data science team.contribute as a team player to the data science team.analyze business problems and create data solutions.provides advanced data science expertise to astrazeneca projects and recommends data science solutions.the team is looking for a principal data scientist tostrong interest in vehicle big data, such as can and location based data.report data analytic result, propose improvement idea and execute development plan.it will drive core metrics and help to produce annotated data sets that empower engineering teams across siri to improve siri using data.data science consultants (dscs) design, develop and execute high-impact analytics solutions for large, complex, structured and unstructured data sets (includingsolid understanding on ml model deployment and creation of cicd pipelines for data science workloads.relocation assistance may be provided for candidatessvp will enable an event driven data platform that productizes our data end to end around eg common data domains.strong analytical and problem-solving skills.the appointment would be made at the visiting assistant professor level and carry a teaching load of 3 quarter-length courses/year, focusing on upper-divisionan ability to consider biases that exist in the data and develop solutions to mitigate biases appropriately.we are looking for a senior machine learning, dataone to three years of work experience in data and research science or analytics.work with engineers to evangelize data best practices and implement analyticswork independently and/or with data science and analytics team to carry out data analysis on large data sets;development of custom data models and algorithm onthey will help establish and execute within frameworks to acquire, consolidate and operationalize data with a focus on data quality, data integration and datastrong competency with python and the python data science ecosystem.the individual must possess competency in the application of data science methods to solvecollaborate with a data-focused product manager to improve the coverage and accuracy of our data products.build out the next generation of our editorial toolsdevelop etl data pipelines to transform and process data between multiple data zones.develop repeatable and reusable data pipelines as part of the data lakeidentifies specific user needs, compiles data and interprets data patterns and trends.skill in translating large amounts of data.analyzes and interprets data from various sources.the statistician will analyze and interpret data from various sources and provide expert opinions.the successful candidate will coordinate data collection and analysis from large, multi-center clinical studies, and will interpret data for manuscriptdata science team part of data & analytics organization is looking for a creative, analytical mind who loves data, is curious to explore, and wants to impactbecause the european union commission has determined that united states data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data4-5 years experience in sap bods.experienced in data migration from legacy/ecc to s/4 hana.knowledge about sap otc transactions and mapping.assess algorithm performance on real-world data.bachelors, masters, or phd in computer science, physical sciences, engineering, or mathematics.successful candidates will perform independent research in the areas of machine learning, computer vision, imaging science and statistics, will mentor juniorassess data quality and completeness.prepares heor data as background materials for discussion with pharmaceutical customers.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.analyze data to provide new insights or data points for further analysis.ability to work with text data for analysis and creation of new data points.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.deliver compelling data visualizations that enable data driven decision making in the product design process.develop automated data pipelines for synchronizingtranslate complex data and methodology into operationally practical insights.proficiency with data visualization tools (d3.js, r shiny, looker, tableau orparticipate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalanalyze data to research and improvement classifiers.proficiency in data exploration techniques and tools.oversee creation of data sets for machine learningacquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems to empower operational and exploratory analysis.apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact withdemonstrate strength in sql, nosql, etl modeling, data modeling, data caching, schema design and data warehouse architecture.master's or phd in computer science, linguistics, a data-driven physical science, or equivalent.this is an unusual opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge ofwork experience related to data engineering, information, and data management.data engineers work with data consumers to create and populate optimal datayou use data science tools like sql and python (pandas, numpy) and you have a track record of picking up new tools along the way.modifies scripts or software applications to support data management, data extraction and data analysis as required.the minimum pay rate is $25.59 per hour.working title goodnight distinguished professor in artificial intelligence and machine learning.the department of computer science is an academic, teaching,create data tools for analytics and data science teams.wrangle data model modifications to accommodate source data changes.a strong sense of ownership.experience tracking full statistical data for basketball games.the statistician assists in the execution of ultimate hoops basketball league by tracking fullexpose data as consumable data sources for analytics via apis and data virtualization services such as denodo.able to clearly define data quality issues.advise data management staff on database design, and critical data.provide expert statistical input into and review of statistical deliverables (i.e. analysisworks closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms.provide expert leadership at the enterprise level related to vasthands on experience as a database, data warehouse, big data/analytics developer or administrator, or work as a data scientist.hii- technical solutions division (tsd) is currently seeking a data engineer in either their san antonio, tx or annapolis junction, md office who will be abletactical: develop meaningful data models in commonly used data science packages (python, r, etc).ability to expand solutions reach into ot environment responsibilities beyond developing data analysis solutions may include participation in component and data architecture design technology planning productyou will be involved with researching administrative and auxiliary data sources to enhance the transportation data.u.s. department of transportation (dot).priority will be given to candidates with teaching/research interests in business analytics, and experience in data mining, data visualization tools, machineactively contributing in the data science recruiting strategy across enterprise analytics.experience founding and managing data science teams and acting as a2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howprovides advanced data science expertise to astrazeneca projects and recommends data science solutions.the team is looking for a senior data scientist toexperience with large-scale data warehousing architecture and data modeling.as a member of the data product engineering team, you will work closely withtraining and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country.their ability to understand, navigate, and manipulate aat least three years of applicable data science experience.ability to skillfully apply data science principles and theory.data science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions.solve complex business and customer issues utilizingknowledge of applied statistical analysis, modeling techniques, and data visualization methods.title: data science & analytics development program 2021b -experience with data gathering, data quality, system architecture, coding best practices.experience with perception (e.g. computer vision), time series data (eworks with clients to manage and explore data to discover business opportunities.assists in the implementation of sophisticated models with their systems andinfluence priorities: review market conventions and data relationships to set rules for data validation.proficiency using data and statistical modeling andyou see patterns when looking at data of user behavior and can see the users intention.no nlp experience is required.we will provide all the training needed.familiarity with advanced data science topics like autoencoder, numerical optimization, transfer learning etc.establish the processes needed to achieve operational excellence in data fidelity, data privacy, system reliability, and enabling rapid experimentation and datamust be able to both manage and manipulate large data sets, develop data science approaches, and manage data science tasks.6+ months experience working with data.we need influencers who can align cross-functional partners to ensure the best possible experience for our platforms.solid understanding of data science methods (both statistical and machine learning models).perform data mining towards telematics data collected from gps,data scientist analyst: you will perform statistical data analyses, data mining and optimizations using multiple tools and techniques to get insights from largewe are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of data analytics and data science including: datathe statistician will provide scientific, technical, and professional assistance including but not limited to: scientific, clinical, and professional support toexperience working in a data intensive environment and translating business needs into data requirements.the senior data science and analytics engineer is athis program provides students with the advanced education necessary to draw insights from real data and apply analytical skills to solve practical problems.analyze data for efficiencies in workload, error analysis and possible solutions, reconciliation of data, etc.basic commercial insurance knowledge preferable.assembling large, complex data sets that meet functional/non-functional business requirements.everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing asthe ideal candidate is familiar with a full range of mathematical statistical data, especially transportation related data.analyze high-order data collected from high-throughput experiments and facilities.in this position, the researcher will contribute to the design and analysis7+ years experience working in data analytics, data science, or related field.understanding of data engineering pipelines and processes.our teams work on multiple projects simultaneously, leveraging advanced data analytics and problem-solving techniques.contribute to internal firm activities.experience sourcing data from relational databases (db2, postgresql, sqlite) and no sql data stores (hadoop, restful apis, kafka).the engineering statistician will work effectively with others to address engineering and business needs within a rigorous statistical framework.experience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for healthprovides biostatistics expertise in clinical development projects by supporting project statisticians.support clinical development and study planning.information and decision systems (control, optimization, robotics, data science, machine learning, communications, networking, information theory, signalthis course introduces deep artificial neural networks, reviewing the theoretical concepts and practical applications in data science.these solutions must overcome issues of complex data (e.g., vldb, multi-structured, "big data", etc.).build models, solutions and infrastructure to supportdegree in computer science, mathematics, a related field, or equivalent experience.experience using content publishing tools to write, format, manage, andexperience in data science and designing/operating a surveillance system integrating multiple data systems.monitor and analyze cdph emergency operations staffexperience in computational science and software development.phd in a field of materials/physical sciences, applied mathematics, or engineering.responsible to provide excellence in teaching through the fulfillment of the missions and strategic goals of the school of business.experience working with different lines of business to accomplish modeling and data solutions by translating business requirements into data needs/techniques.experience with automation and improving overall data quality.our team is responsible for building data products/capabilities on the data platform, that willstrong healthcare data knowledge and hands on experience (medical claims data, clinical data, pharmacy data and eligibility data).develop data migration plans to migrate legacy on-premises databases into aws data stores.conduct research on different approaches to data storage in aws.7+ years experience working in data analytics, data science, or related field.understanding of data engineering pipelines and processes.1 year using ai and data science.familiarity with using cloud services aws, google, azure or big data tools hadoop, hive, spark in data science solutions.bachelor's or master's degree required in any discipline with strong record of academic success in quantitative and analytic coursework such as operationsthe discipline to fast-fail when data refutes theory;phd in engineering, technology, computer science, machine learning, robotics, statistics, mathematics or athis function is not intended for employees performing the following work: production of standard or self-service operational reporting, casual inference led experience with automating data science and machine learning processes and pipelines.bachelors in data science, engineering, computer science, similardevelop and perform standard queries to ensure data quality, identify data inconsistencies, missing data and resolve as needed.masters or doctoral degree in ecology, environmental science, data science, computer science, or a related field.experience in data management and/or analysis.apco insights data science team is increasingly involved in assignments employing statistics (e.g., linear/logistics regression, clustering) to developstrong data engineering, and data management expertise with demonstrated data transformation and manipulation experience.create data views and own data quality.this role is a mix of data science, engineering and business analytics.partner with business to solve problems.perform quantitative analysis and data mining of external industry data as well as vmware data.perform and/or work closely with the data sciences coe and othertransform raw source data into analytics-ready data models using reproducible tools.2+ years of experience in a data science, analytics, or research role; or ahave strong sql skills and enjoy extracting and manipulating data.help analyze, explore, model and gain insight from data.experience with large data sets and distributed computing (hive/hadoop).the perfect candidate will have experience building and managing world-class analyticsbachelors degree and/or advanced certification in computer science, data science, or similar technical field; or 4 years of experience using software for datams or ph.d. candidate computer science, or related stem field.understanding and modeling human behavior is essential for driving safely through crowdeddata scientist analyst: you will perform statistical data analyses, data mining and optimizations using multiple tools and techniques to get insights from largeexperience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,ba/bs in data science, finance or business administration preferred.strong research and quantitative data modeling skills: experience working with large dataanalyze data and prepare management summaries related to work stream results, performance mgmt.the market sr clinical pharmacist serves as a subject matterjob description: arrive fifteen (15) minutes prior to tip-off of scheduled game.maintain an accurate account of all processes associated with the game.highlighted position: assistant or associate professor with expertise and research in data science related to human performance; a joint appointment in theadvanced knowledge of cloud and data science technology and architecture.possesses a strong knowledge of cloud, data science, and technology from sas or openexperience developing solutions leveraging data science and analytics.bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.this is a customer facing role.the ideal candidate is familiar with a full range of mathematical statistical data, especially transportation related data.collaborate with engineers and data scientists to push the pace of innovation and experimentation by introducing best practices.an advanced degree in computer science or a related field with a focus on machine learning and data science.collaborate with bto staff in the assessment of the2+ years of demonstrated quantitative and qualitative data science experience with impact to a business, a track record of problem solving using softwarework directly with users in defining new application requirements and resolving project issues.respond to user problems, explain new technologies, and presentartificial intelligence, machine learning, big data and cloud platforms form "the brain" underpinning these solutions.measured on roi of asset investment.qa/qc of historical data.monitoring and maintaining real-time data collection.the participant will learn specialized data collection techniques using advs,participate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceour robust pipeline includes investigational therapies in varied stages of clinical development, from recently approved products to earlier-stage molecules init provides students with the skills to conduct analyses with large sets of data to inform business decisions.work with a team of engineers and cross-divisionally with our partners to identify and define business problems suitable for artificial intelligence activelykey areas of expertise may be in the realms of data science, analytics & research, or data engineering.youre familiar with modern applications of data scienceadvanced data skills using r or python.5 or more years experience in data analysis and statistics.we utilize benchmarking and peer organization data to ensureexperience performing data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation for medium to large datasets.work cross-functionally to define problem statements,the manager - data analytics is responsible for the oversight and development of data analysts and supports other icas teams by helping to design and performexperience with data science techniques including machine learning and associated software a plus.assesses relevant literature as well as existing data,an understanding of data pipelining and automation, with experience using pyspark on large data sets  over 1b data points.candidates will learn the underpinnings of data science techniques to supplement existing biostatistical knowledge.please, no phone calls or emails.fraud analytics  analysts on the fraud team use advanced data mining techniques to identify and fight online fraud.build and execute the data science strategy.implement agile framework to data science discipline.successful track record of building data science platforms.collaborate with engineering teams to design and implement software solutions for data science problems.understand ambiguous business problems and convert themthis opportunity is great for professionals with a shared vision of building an extraordinary platform and serve healthcare consumers through the power of dataexperience using data to drive product and business decisions.you will be formulating product strategy, understanding key drivers of advertiser value, andyou have 2+ years of experience in a data analytics and/or data science role using quantitative tools to drive business decisions.examples include, visualization tasks, bi meta data model development, data loading, data cleansing, etc.this position is not ideal for a data scientist who3+ years working as a data analyst or equivalent experience working with data within a role or function.perform exploratory data analysis to inform businessdrive the design, building, and launching of new data models and data pipelines in production.interface with engineers, product managers and product analystsmachine learning, data analysis, applied statistics, and uncertainty quantification.quantum information sciences, including quantum computing, networking, andfrom these large datasets, you will create training and test data sets that are usable by ai/ml applications.no less important, the interdisciplinary nature of2 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.our merchandising analytics team is building out a multi-faceted data science tool thatcomputer sciences degree with data analysis/data science concentration.review/qc data to ensure accuracy of attribution reports.creates actionable recommendations and insights, to address business objectives, through the analysis and modeling of quantitative and qualitative data.the mpoa data engineer term position requires a bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, computational statistics, or a related field with at leastexperience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data science applied to materials science and/or nanoscience.summary the senior data analyst will provide technical leadership in the implementation of data systems and is responsible for development and implementation ofmasters degree or phd in computer science, mathematics, engineering, computational linguistics, or work experience of minimum 2-3 years.gather internal or external data and validate data quality.a minimum of 2 years of data science and ai experience.very good communication skills in english.candidates must demonstrate expertise and research productivity in data-driven science and show a strong interest in interdisciplinary research and teaching.at least 5 years of industry experience in data science, with significant personal experience as a technical contributor.provides expert technical direction for quality assurance/improvement of data.highly skilled in the interpretation, evaluation and integration of nuclearcompiling and conducting quality control on existing datasets covering a wide range of geological topics and data types.experience with common data science toolkits.familiarity with data management tools.you will design data modeling processes, create algorithms and predictivepartner with a cross-functional team of data engineers and business analysts to automate data collection and identify new signals to enhance marketing models.experience designing and selling data science opportunities to senior business stakeholders; as well as owning and delivering on enterprise data sciencedevelop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.to query & manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.excellent communication skills with the ability to simplify complex ideas, data, and analysis.solid understanding of predictive analytics, statistical modelingversion data and create data monitoring models.ability to conduct data profiling, cataloging, and mapping for technical data flows.the consultant should have thorough experience in migrating data from local shared drives to box cloud, including mirroring permissions.they assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.the data scientist is responsible for mining and analyzing datathe ideal candidate would have experience working in neutron, x-ray, or other imaging modalities, as well as being capable of leading data analysis algorithmparticipate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalexperience analyzing user level data (pii and anonymized), dmp data, social data and viewing / transactional or streaming data.advanced degree (master's degree or phd) with quantitative background (data science, applied mathematics or statistics, computer science, engineering,opportunity to advance on the data science and/or leadership track.4+ years work experience with data exploration and machine learning tools such as thosementor and recruit data science interns to train the next generation of health analysts!communicate design and impact of data science projects in researchpartner with leadership and stakeholders to develop our data science function.in this role, you will work closely with the data team, various operational teamsmanipulate and / or build query statements to perform data extracts across multiple data sets and platforms.the talented individuals we seek combine successfulbe on the leading edge of applying machine learning and data modeling to the world of advanced cyber security  as part of the data science engineering team,this position involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovativeability to stay and operate at the bleeding-edge of data science disciplines.retrieve, prepare and process data from variety of data sources such as structurequickly learn and deploy appropriate data science tools and methodologies as needed, with tasks ranging from a/b testing to data processing and analysis tothis 9 month program is designed for aspiring data scientists with a strong background in a technical field to kick-start their career in data science.provide concise data reports and clear data visualizations.you must have the ability to obtain raw data from a data lake via sas/gcp, be familiar with datarun data quality and data monitoring improvement programs.collaborate with peer data teams on data integration, standardization, data quality and operationscarry out development of data analysis algorithms to address program and sponsor data sciences requirements.collaborate with scientists and researchers in onemanage a dynamic portfolio of data science deliverables.the artificial intelligence / machine learning team in fraud & cyber analytics is an agile developmentbring together data, analytic engines, and data visualizations in one seamless computational process.create and document efficient, effective, and replicablecapture business requirements for data science solutions and communicate data science output and recommendations to inform business strategies.present research findings at leading finance and data science conferences.this team serves as the center of excellence for data science initiatives and isin this role you will have several distinct responsibilities and priorities: build new technologies and algorithms to optimize business processes applyapply data wrangling by extracting, transforming, cleaning, and integrating relevant data for model development.familiarity with modeling behavioral/user data a plus.experience with building data products, either internal or consumer-facing a plus.support cloud migration of data science services.experiment with and recommend new technologies that simplify or improve our data science technology stack.collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of software engineers and data scientists on cross-functional projects, interpreting data, and translating intostrong familiarity with unstructured data.3 or more years of experience developing and deploying text and data mining solutions.use your expertise in data science, machine learning, and/or computer science to research and recommend solutions to our technology and business problems.validate data daily using external data and research (quantitative and qualitative).collaborate with colleagues on ad hoc projects within the data scienceat least a bs in a quantitative field such as statistics, data science, or business analytics (ms or mba is preferred).a ba/bs degree or higher in computer science, mathematics, or relevant data technology field, or equivalent professional work experience in software developmentuses computational, computer science, data science, and software research and development principles, with relevant domain science knowledge where applicable,practiced experience in collecting primary data, utilizing secondary data, as well as organizing and managing administrative data.we then work with data engineering and data science counterparts to develop and deploy solutions that meet the business need.communicate insights and recommendations to key stakeholders, engineering, data science and product partners.you have 5+ years of experience in the developmentthe applications use data science and optimization techniques and are focused on improving operational efficiencies.experience in data analysis, business intelligence, and predictive analytics.contributor for making symetra a data driven enterprise and deploying insights toyou will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theyou will work with data engineers, software engineers, domain experts, and other data scientists to detect signal in the governments data and then to buildexperience with gathering and interpreting business requirements to design and create scalable data science solutions in a regulatory environment (including butresearch and analyse data sets using a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques.understand the client experience journey to formulate relevantassist in assessing data source quality.lead data mining and cleaning effort.the data scientist will also work a data engineer to ensure data are properlydevelop data science solutions that can be tested and deployed to enable data-driven recommendations and outcomes.python, sql, tableau, data science experience.bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent, with minimum 8+ years of relevant experience.candidates for the nsa's data scientist roles are asked to complete a data science examination evaluating their knowledge of statistics, mathematics, andas a data scientist within our team, you will be working with our clients to design, create, evaluate, and maintain solutions using your experience andexperience working with publicly available socio-demographic data, including us census data, local government data, and publicly available geographic data.recommend changes and any corrections to regulations, programs, procedures, processes, and testing to prevent recurrence of data quality problems.successful track record building algorithms and pipelines for image processing and analysis of 2d-5d fluorescence microscopy data.development of imaging/sensing systems to collect data.development of software and algorithms to collect, visualize, and analyze data.conceptual understanding of data warehouse systems and processes.understanding and preferable experience in multi-dimensional data needs.be a jack of all trades in data: work on all stages of data science projects from understanding the data and the insights they provide to implementing solutions3-5 years experience working in data science with a proven track record of excellence.the telematics team is looking for a data science manager to lead anddata manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, datathis program provides no cost, comprehensive training to highly motivated individuals.upon successful completion of the program, you will receive customizedcandidates will have strong training and experience in the analysis and interpretation of next generation genomic sequencing data to advance precision medicine.writes query to filter data or join multiple data sets.identifies sources of credible data and maintains data catalogs to provide key data sources to internalbackground in data science (machine learning models, advanced statistics, regression forecasting, conditional probability).12 weeks paid parental leave.knowledge of data mining, and big data analytics techniques.build statistical models, data pipelines, data mining, data analytics, and production readyknowledge of python and python based data science / dsp oriented libraries (e.g. pandas, numpy, scipy, numba and cupy).the successful candidate will manage a group of data scientists focusing on driving data-informed strategies to deliver value for our clients at scale, creatingyou will be responsible for designing and implementing state-of-the-art ml algorithms and systems to personalize the entire experience for our users.translate complex data and methodology into operationally practical insights.proficiency with data visualization tools (d3.js, r shiny, looker, tableau orengineering group, engineering group > machine learning engineering.collaborate in a cross-functional environment spanning hardware, software and systems.develops data collection and analysis methodology; including defining data sources and proper collection procedures.bachelor's degree in a related discipline.using data science, machine learning and cloud technologies.valiance is an ai/ml company working with early stage/growth startups to create ip lead decisionproficiency in sql for querying data.collaborate with other members of the data science and analytics community across the firm on best practices, code review,5+ years of data analysis experience.manage analytical visualization tools to drive better and faster data insights.bonus points for knowledge of gift cards.drive bottom line impact for the business through advanced analytics and data science projects.the commercial analytics junior data scientist will helpleverage existing data sets, as well as identify and trial new data sets, in order to interrogate yours  and the teams  hypotheses.determine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andfluency in the hebrew language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills.excellent english reading comprehension and writing skills.responsible for working with business users to fully understand their needs for data science solutions; work with a variety of data sources, both internal andibm provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environmentswith complete softwareo 2+ years of experience managing data scientists.the charter of the microsoft cloud data sciences team is to foster a data-driven culture; to encourage andteam up with other groups within oreilly (e.g. data science or machine learning) to leverage experience and consult on data engineering best practices.conduct retrospective analyses using biospecimen data;collaborate in the design, monitoring, analysis, and reporting of assigned projects using data fromwere looking for tenacious closers with multiple years of high-ticket, intangible b2c consultative selling experience who will work with our prospectivetranslate product objectives to data science problems and vice versa.2+ years of experience as data scientist.experience with a/b testing.if you're passionate about data, impact, and working on an amazing team, read on! what you'll be doing partner with teams throughout discord through thehave worked on data science problems in the marketing domain.build data science models that provide insights into prospect and customer behavior.minimum of 2 years of work experience in a data science related.provide guidance and recommendations to leadership team in areas of analytics and data science.documents requirements for data science and reporting projects.the data scientist constantly explores our existing data while seeking out new data to consume.work experience in programming, data science, machine learning.experience with industrial/commercial applications of data science including prognostic andpartner with technology on foundational data quality improvement and infrastructure, including the incorporation of new data sources and development of datadrive data engineering priorities that enable analytical and modeling success.ideal candidates will have genuine interest in diving deep into the data tomicrosoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of microsoft cloud solutions and support offerings.educate counterparts with widely varying functional roles and technical backgrounds on concepts of data science to equip them to effectively utilize their ownfamiliarity with sql, database modeling and data warehousing principles.work with product managers and engineers to design data products and debug a/bexperience with data warehouse design and development as well as data modeling for both relational and dimensional data models.us citizenship or green card.this includes formulating, amending, and verifying theoretical, statistical and empirical models and data from multiple application areas.act as a sme in data science and analytics within small business banking and beyond, create frameworks for common topics.experience in sql and alteryx.transform and convert data streams into structures needed for algorithm input.use your engineering expertise to help build solutions to novel problems inunknowncreate experimental designs and measurement strategies across data science products and broader business strategies.experience with devops and ci/cd concepts.computer sciences degree with data analysis/data science concentration.review/qc data to ensure accuracy of attribution reports.you will work with customers to leverage data to help them achieve their business priorities and help guide customers journey through analytics-led azure datademonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like tableau,find and apply appropriate data science models to create insights.working as a member of thehive, you will use data science and machine learning techniques toexpert knowledge of a data science programming stack (python, pandas) experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computingbachelors degree in one of the following fields: math, statistics, computer science, data science, or a social science or public policy related field.experience drawing insights from large data sets and manipulating data using a variety of methods and tools.develop statistical and machine learning models forown data-driven insights and trends for the larger creator ecosystem.effectively communicate results, insights and data-driven narratives to the product team5+ years of experience delivering etl, data warehouse and data analytics capabilities on big-data architecture such as hadoop.3+ years of agile experience.you have experience in data mining structured and unstructured data (sql, etl, data warehouse, rds, redshift, oracle, etc.).our team applies data science and machine learning to drive strategic impact across multiple lines of business at apple.support discovery of business problems.as a data scientist, you will apply on the vast amount data collected from the fielded laser used in the production of microchips the data science techniquebuild data analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into data origination, operational efficiency and other key businessexperience in data manipulation via sql, python or r.apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond thethe conversations data science team designs metrics, performs analyses, and runs experiments to better understand the public conversation happening on twitter.job description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinehas work experience with building and maintaining big data and mastering techniques of parallel processing on big data.you will be part of an ambitious plan to reshape human-computer interaction with conversational ai.improve the speech output quality in terms of naturalness,establish links across existing data sources and find new, interesting data correlations.strong knowledge of core computer science principles includingresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thecultivate a data-centric and process-oriented company philosophy by helping to maintain best practices for software development, data management, andusing data science to drive measurable business impact.experience using data science to meaningfully impact product strategy and execution.enhance performance by applying advanced mathematical modeling, data analytics, optimization, and machine learning techniques.write sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.write production code to produce data infrastructure and automation of tasks.demonstrated knowledge of and familiarity with basic data warehousing principalsyou will work on data migrations and transformational projects, to design large-scale data processing systems, develop data pipelines optimized for scaling, and5+ experience in a statistical and/or data science role.ms/phd in computer science, statistics, or operations research or related technical discipline.the specific duties will require developing infectious disease transmission models in r, big data' management, and model fitting.ibm provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environmentswith complete softwaregetting to do fun and exploratory data analysis that doesnt require cleaning data!love analyzing data for trends and outcomes.develop and streamline data processing algorithms that transform non-standard data into uniform structures required for robust analysis.experience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundtranslate complex data and methodology into operationally practical insights.proficiency with data visualization tools (d3.js, r shiny, looker, tableau orthe ideal candidate will develop, maintain, test and evaluate big data solutions, and possess a high level of confidence and comfortability in wrestling withcurrently has or in the process of obtaining an ms in computer science or related field and 2+ years of experience building systems based on machine learning experience applying nlp and machine learning techniques to text data.were looking for a scientist/engineer who can take projects from initial data mining andcontributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization.applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.create data visualizations that convey a full data story to the end user.ba/bs in a quantitative or computer science field.ability to update and improve existing data science proprietary tools to incorporate new features.ability to advance the data science capabilities at cna andconduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andthey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationpreferred qualifications * experience in data science pedagogy;maintain proficiency in data science and pedagogy through continued professional development;identify necessary data elements and their sources, leverage appropriate tools to acquire and consolidate large volumes of data from different internal andwork with stakeholders including the product, data and architecture teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructureusing advanced database, data warehousing and data management methods and technologies to support extraction and transformation of std case and surveillanceyou will develop, document, implement, and automate etl (extract transform load) processes using sql and other analytical programming tools that mostperform exploratory and targeted data analysis using commercial and open source data analytic software packages.compiling and preparing data from various sources for data analysis and data research.ensuring data quality by focusing on data accuracy and completeness.previous work experience in insurance and/or experience with data science and software combined platforms is very desirable.you have a graduate degree focusing on math, data science, analytics, or engineering.a data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops.engineering data pipelines (batch and real-time) that aids in creation of data-driven products/services.data analyst who can help with data and presentationcollaborate with matrix partners to understand project developments, assess impacts to data and analytics.identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns inproficient in sas programming (data manipulation techniques, macro, statistical and graphical procs, and ods) and jmp statistical software.i am a computer science major in college and i am struggling with data structures in college.set your own hours while you help students learn the subjects youworks closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms.provide expert leadership at the enterprise level related to vastvalidated project management experience covering a broad business base, complemented with a concentration in analytics, data strategy, data architecture, datayou will experiment with various modeling techniques on our comprehensive customer data and see your solution through to production by partnering crossfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeseeking an experienced candidate with diverse backgrounds in applied statistics, applied mathematics, engineering, operations research, and test and evaluationyou have experience in prototyping machine learning models on data from multiple data sources with many distinct attributes.hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects.hands on experience with building data or machine learning pipeline.write scientific research papers suitable for submission to peer-reviewed computer science venues, in research areas connected to high-performance computing andexperience with data science and machine learning.hands-on experience with data modeling, data mapping, datacleansing and data transformation activities.perform data cleansing and prepare data according to applicable segmentation policy and guidance from demand planner(s).you must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workexperienced with data visualizations, business intelligence tools preferred.use existing and drive the development of new reports/tools/visualizations to5+ year of industry experience in quantitative analytics and applied data science.the team will rely on your expertise in data science to build this visionaryanalyzes and interprets data from various sources.the statistician will analyze and interpret data from various sources and provide expert opinions.you will be tasked with identifying, designing, and implementing data science/machine learning solutions to business problems.expertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.dept of health/mental hygiene.if you would like to apply your expertise in a global company pushing the boundaries of science  join us!do you have an appetite to use statistical methods toour expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers work together with the worlds leading technology providers to accelerate theoption 3: 5 years' experience in data analysis, data science, statistics, or related field.analyzing clusters and present the information in data visualizationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.strong modeling skillset, hands on mastery of data manipulation and experience with data analytics tools (sql, r, python, hive, spark, and other data analysisexperience leading data science infrastructure strategy and implementation and familiarity with data warehouse design, development, and best practices.you will also work closely with 3rd party data providing vendors to acquire appropriate data.understanding of data pipelines for machine learning purposes.analyze data for trends and patterns.assess effectiveness of the data model.strong experience using python, r or other programming language to manipulate dataa bachelors or masters degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science,knowledge of market research, data science methodology and trends based work.ability, from a business and data perspective, to understand how first party datathis role is responsible for programming the collections treatment decision logic in the katabat digital platform, as well as having responsibility forthis will include a demonstrated ability to efficiently retrieve data from multiple data sources with strong access and excel skills.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theyou will work with data engineers, software engineers, domain experts, and other data scientists to detect signal in the governments data and then to buildresearch and analyse data sets using a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques.understand the client experience journey to formulate relevantassist in assessing data source quality.lead data mining and cleaning effort.the data scientist will also work a data engineer to ensure data are properlydevelop data science solutions that can be tested and deployed to enable data-driven recommendations and outcomes.python, sql, tableau, data science experience.bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent, with minimum 8+ years of relevant experience.you will experiment with various modeling techniques on our comprehensive customer data and see your solution through to production by partnering crossfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeyou will focus on dataiku dss mlops capabilities, from automating the retraining, tuning, monitoring and deployment of ml models to the interfaces that allowunderstands the data science pipeline and works with senior data scientists to prepare data for predictive models.2 - 5 years of data analysis experience.experience in data science, or data products strongly preferred.strong track record of working within sophisticated data technology teams that enableclaims data as well as data from cms are utilized to project revenue generated from specific programs.experience in managing data to support and influencedemonstrated effectiveness in providing impromptu as well as prepared data analysis and briefings.leveraging technical skills and experience to analyze largea blend of data science capability, consulting expertise and industry experience.a master's degree in data science or a related discipline like computeri have a couple machine learning python assignments i need help on.one deals with decision trees and k nearest neighbors and the other one is linear regressioncollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.department: division of patient services, cchmc affiliatessupervisor's title: directoras a senior member of the data science team, you will research and design systems to tackle tough problems in the legal domain and expand our award-winning3+ years using ai and data science to achieve business goals in large orgs.map clients state of digital maturity, leveraging and embedding data science incollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programleverages data to make real time decisions, anticipates business questions, drives hypothesis formulation, guides testing, and builds a data-driven culture.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthere is a need to apply modern statistical approaches, such as data mining, machine learning and predictive analytics to analyze bigger, more complex data andexperience in quantitative landscape ecology, forest resources, spatial data science, risk analysis, decision science, and/or conservation science.the investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdemonstrated effectiveness in providing impromptu as well as prepared data analysis and briefings.leveraging technical skills and experience to analyze largeassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothmasters degree in engineering, computer science, data science, or a related discipline, such as statistics or applied mathematics with at least 10 years ofpartners closely with department peers to ensure holistic data solutions for our data science community and analytic users.the participant will also have the opportunity to collaborate with usda ars scientists on data analysis projects, and to write collaborative scientific papersyou will focus on dataiku dss mlops capabilities, from automating the retraining, tuning, monitoring and deployment of ml models to the interfaces that allowability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate large data sets from disparate data sources.assist faculty and staff with graduate-level research, including literature reviews, data collection, technical writing, instruction, and other duties asassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralscientists and engineers at the ccdc army research laboratory (arl) help shape and execute the army's program for meeting the challenge of developingdemonstrable knowledge in artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other relevant technical domains.design and implement tools accounting for the variability in data sources and collection policies, data analysis and feature extraction methodologies.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdemonstrated effectiveness in providing impromptu as well as prepared data analysis and briefings.leveraging technical skills and experience to analyze largeassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothmasters degree in engineering, computer science, data science, or a related discipline, such as statistics or applied mathematics with at least 10 years ofpartners closely with department peers to ensure holistic data solutions for our data science community and analytic users.the participant will also have the opportunity to collaborate with usda ars scientists on data analysis projects, and to write collaborative scientific papersyou will focus on dataiku dss mlops capabilities, from automating the retraining, tuning, monitoring and deployment of ml models to the interfaces that allowability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate large data sets from disparate data sources.assist faculty and staff with graduate-level research, including literature reviews, data collection, technical writing, instruction, and other duties asassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralscientists and engineers at the ccdc army research laboratory (arl) help shape and execute the army's program for meeting the challenge of developingdemonstrable knowledge in artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other relevant technical domains.design and implement tools accounting for the variability in data sources and collection policies, data analysis and feature extraction methodologies.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthis role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onin this role, we will give you the chance to utilize your statistical expertise in the design, analysis, and interpretation of clinical trial programs;engineering group, engineering group > asics engineering.we are searching for a senior asic design engineer to be part of the compute dsp/ai processor designperform ad hoc data research using sql tools and fulfill various data requests.2+ years of experience writing data-driven reports, working with data to createdata discovery  identifying new data sources and novel applications of existing data.knowledge about big data platforms.the successful candidate will work with a group of peers in the areas of image processing, digital forensics, and data stewardship.the candidate will provide direct support to the department of homeland securitys (dhs) acquisition programs; providing scientific test and analysis techniquesthe sonar research and development division of the undersea systems office (uso) in the applied research laboratory (arl) at penn state university is seeking acreate appropriate data sets for advanced analysis from multiple data sources including the electronic medical record, as well as survey, patient-entered data,has practical experience in applying statistics to observational and clinical research data.experience in rwe observational research study management and datams or phd degree in computer science, computer vision, computer architecture or related technical field or equivalent experience.program, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.develop pipelines for data cleaning and preprocessing as well as data integrity tasks with the goal of optimizing and correcting errors, inconsistencies, orin the camera engineering team, we are dedicated to providing hardware acceleration using the new proprietary apple neural engine soc to enable real time, lowsimsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atyou will experiment with various modeling techniques on our comprehensive customer data and see your solution through to production by partnering crossfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudefoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.in this role you will:1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolskonami gaming, inc. entered the us gaming market in the 2000s and weve spent the last two decades moving the industry forward with breakthrough games, headexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similarthe algorithm is focused on matching similar items from a data pool of over 1 million items.buyers edge platform (bep) was born out of the 20-year growth andsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.grammarly offers a remote-first hybrid working model.team members can work primarily remotely.starting in 2022, teams will meet in person a few weeks everydate posted: dec 9, 2020.location: las vegas, usa or moncton, canada.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slotdata science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andthe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, anddegree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science or related field is preferred.interface with product, sourcing, data science andfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.in this role you will:1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolskonami gaming, inc. entered the us gaming market in the 2000s and weve spent the last two decades moving the industry forward with breakthrough games, headexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similarthe algorithm is focused on matching similar items from a data pool of over 1 million items.buyers edge platform (bep) was born out of the 20-year growth andsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.grammarly offers a remote-first hybrid working model.team members can work primarily remotely.starting in 2022, teams will meet in person a few weeks everydate posted: dec 9, 2020.location: las vegas, usa or moncton, canada.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slotdata science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andthe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textexperience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,serve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatyou are an expert of data science approaches including machine and deep learning; application in imaging domain (h&es, ihc, radiomics) a plus.collects and enters patient's data into database including: demographic, outcomes data, and assessment data.utilizes motivational techniques to assist patientsbachelor's degree in science, technology or equivalent practical experience.experience maintaining r&d quantum processor systems and calibrations.the ideal candidate would have experience working in neutron, x-ray, or other imaging modalities, as well as being capable of leading data analysis algorithmproven experience in agriculture or life science industries.identify opportunities to create differentiated products through the application of data and mlbackground in data analytics, warehousing, etl development, data science or other big data applications.experience with distributed, columnar and/or analyticexperience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building etl pipelines.demonstrated strength in data modeling, etl development, and data warehousing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, anddegree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science or related field is preferred.interface with product, sourcing, data science andsimsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.the goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ourmentor complex projects using wide breadth of data sciences and advanced techniques.lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured &5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,lead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexperience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for health4+ years' experience as a software engineering using python, c+ and have data engineering experience in python.very good understand of gcp architecture.coordinate with the dod and national agencies introducing new technologies and data dissemination and archival concepts relevant to the aisr mission.3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities tothe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.the investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.experience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andthe lpn provides patient centered nursing care.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees and protocols.to that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).assesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdeploy and maintain data science and data engineering development environments.preferred language familiarity: python, go, ruby, rust, scala database skills collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor example: conducts chart audits, collects data, implements performance improvement interventions, and/or offers suggestions for performance improvement.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programmyguru, a boutique 1-1 tutoring and test prep provider, is seeking experienced a data science/machine learning tutor to join our team.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfusemachines is a leading ai strategy, talent, and education services provider.founded by sameer maskey ph.d., adjunct associate professor at columbiaevaluation of big data sets.masters degree in bioinformatics, biostatistics, data science, or other informatics-related field.each term is eight weeks.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.online teaching positions are now available in data analytics and data science certificate programs.we are seeking qualified applicants possessing currentyou will be involved with researching administrative and auxiliary data sources to enhance the transportation data.u.s. department of transportation (dot).simsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.the goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ourmentor complex projects using wide breadth of data sciences and advanced techniques.lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured &5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,lead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexperience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for health4+ years' experience as a software engineering using python, c+ and have data engineering experience in python.very good understand of gcp architecture.coordinate with the dod and national agencies introducing new technologies and data dissemination and archival concepts relevant to the aisr mission.3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities tofoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andthe cpe software release management engineer function is essential to the successful development and deployment of new features and fixes as the functionassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe rn provides patient care under the supervision of a physician.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees andfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.purpose of position: to function as a professional nurse and to apply theoreticalbuilds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from wide variety of sources like dbms, file systems, apis and streaming systems for variouscollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcandidates may be tasked with teaching and/or developing courses related to some of the following topics: applying modern data science tools, business analyticsthe department of mathematical & digital sciences at bloomsburg university of pennsylvania seeks individuals to serve as either full-time or part-time temporarybuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdemonstrated expertise in machine learning research.publication record in relevant conferences (e.g. neurips, icml, iclr, aaai, cvpr, iccv, eccv, acl, emnlp,presents data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.explore new data sources and analytical techniques to ensure ongoing competitive advantage.familiarity with scaling and operationalizing data science models in production settings.perform data wrangling, etl, and data exploration tasks.as part of the stakeholder-facing arm of the team, you will own relationships with decision makers to help improve the end-customer experience by making thephd in a physical science, computer science, or engineering or related field completed within the last 3 years, or soon to be completed.5+ year of industry experience in quantitative analytics and applied data science.the team will rely on your expertise in data science to build this visionarycontribute to ongoing expansion of data science expertise and credentials by keeping up with industry best practices, developing new skills, and knowledgemanage year-over-year trade trackers and maintain historical trade files, ifr data updates, process mapping and the team site.ability to analyze and leverage data and metrics driven focus, both qualitative and quantitative.bachelors degree in information science / informationexperience with data science, containers and cloud environments.as a member of the fuchs lab and the hasso plattner institute for digital health, the seniora ph.d. degree in industrial engineering, systems engineering, data science, or a closely related field is required.experience with common data tools: spark, sql, kafka, flink.ms/msc or phd in computer science, electrical engineering, statistics or similarly quantitativethis persons primary focus will be to develop, refine, deploy, and productionize impactful data science projects to business users.demonstrated ability to lead and manage data science and analytics engineering teams.minimum of 7 years of relevant industry work experience providing datawork hand-in-hand both with the internal data science teams, as well as partner risk science teams to integrate and build decision science models on the ckfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, andstrong familiarity with unstructured data.3 or more years of experience developing and deploying text and data mining solutions.good knowledge in one of the following areas: machine learning, deep learning, backend, large-scale systems, data science, full-stack.masters or doctoral degree in ecology, environmental science, data science, computer science, or a related field.experience in data management and/or analysis.with the power to apply artificial intelligence and data science to business decisions via enterprise data management solutions, we help leading companiesresponsible to create stored procedures and scripts, reconcile data, ensure data integrity, define data joining procedures, and performing statistical trendpulling data, joining, and manipulating large datasets to support customer data warehouse, self-service data platform/tools and adhoc analyses.python expertise (data structures, coding patterns) along with common data, math and visualization libraries.experience coding with popular frameworks.experience in software development and data science.you will analyze data collected from simulation and hardware to recommend design improvements.this role is responsible for programming the collections treatment decision logic in the katabat digital platform, as well as having responsibility forexperience with large-scale data warehousing architecture and data modeling.as a member of the data product engineering team, you will work closely withtraining and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country.their ability to understand, navigate, and manipulate aat least three years of applicable data science experience.ability to skillfully apply data science principles and theory.data science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions.solve complex business and customer issues utilizingknowledge of applied statistical analysis, modeling techniques, and data visualization methods.title: data science & analytics development program 2021b -experience with data gathering, data quality, system architecture, coding best practices.experience with perception (e.g. computer vision), time series data (ethe lpn provides patient centered nursing care.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees and protocols.to that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).assesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdeploy and maintain data science and data engineering development environments.preferred language familiarity: python, go, ruby, rust, scala database skills collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor example: conducts chart audits, collects data, implements performance improvement interventions, and/or offers suggestions for performance improvement.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programmyguru, a boutique 1-1 tutoring and test prep provider, is seeking experienced a data science/machine learning tutor to join our team.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.the investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.purpose of position: to function as a professional nurse and to apply theoreticalbuilds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from wide variety of sources like dbms, file systems, apis and streaming systems for variouscollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcandidates may be tasked with teaching and/or developing courses related to some of the following topics: applying modern data science tools, business analyticsthe department of mathematical & digital sciences at bloomsburg university of pennsylvania seeks individuals to serve as either full-time or part-time temporarybuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, anddegree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science or related field is preferred.interface with product, sourcing, data science andleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, anddegree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science or related field is preferred.interface with product, sourcing, data science andthe investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financialability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamphd in mathematics or computer science (with preference for mathematics).this project involves both mathematical analysis of optimization in deep learning andexperience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysiscoordinate and synthesize microbiome data.previous experience in integrating and analyzing large scale data (omics, biogeochemical data, etc.).experience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatdrive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute datawe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balanceexperience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3d data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.).experience in python software development, data science and machine learning.genedx is recruiting for a full-time data scientist to contribute to a teamexperience finding, cleaning, and manipulating data to build data sets.3+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, decision science, or similareducation requirements: ba/bs in a technical discipline, or equivalent professional experienceexperience requirements: 5+ years backend software developmentsignificant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data.generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understandingcreate the vision for data science solutions incorporating the latest techniques.knowledge of cloud services (gcp /aws ) and developing data science projects.to ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three hours of a hub.the mathematician job role involves evaluating mathematical models for electronic slot machines, casino table games, internet casino games and lotteries.data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics.04 years of experience in the field.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theexperience with data analytics software including python or r.responsibilities includes analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitudeare analytical and data driven.you possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, anddegree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science or related field is preferred.interface with product, sourcing, data science andthis role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onwe are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of data analytics and data science including: dataexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.you will be involved with researching administrative and auxiliary data sources to enhance the transportation data.u.s. department of transportation (dot).simsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ourlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingmentor complex projects using wide breadth of data sciences and advanced techniques.lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured &5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,4+ years' experience as a software engineering using python, c+ and have data engineering experience in python.very good understand of gcp architecture.experience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for healthcoordinate with the dod and national agencies introducing new technologies and data dissemination and archival concepts relevant to the aisr mission.3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities tothis program provides students with the advanced education necessary to draw insights from real data and apply analytical skills to solve practical problems.the investments we are making will help the company create innovative digital banking experiences, and make it easier for customers to achieve their financial3+ years of analytical experience in consulting, data analytics, data science, or machine learning and predictive analytics.an interest or some experience in data science and machine learning is a plus!analyze experiment data, communicate results, and drive decisions.experience with distributed data analysis and large-scale data visualization (pyspark/dask, emr).develop an efficient infrastructure for large scale analysisexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/dataapplicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.experience with data lakes and data warehousing.manage data requests in jira and summarizes data findings and processes in jira and confluence for internalknowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of data7+ years of data science experience or equivalent.you will assemble a team to leverage a unique set of skills, including, data engineering, analytics, dataexperience with big data and big data platforms.researching and exploring data sources, working with data and systems experts to understand the data and whatexperience with ecommerce data analysis is a plus.strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights.drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data resources.identify trends, performance, safety, and productivity opportunities by applyingability to manipulate data in a fast-paced environment to gather quick insights, visualize the data and generate interactive reports and dashboards for the teamwe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andthis role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onwe are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of data analytics and data science including: dataexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.you will be involved with researching administrative and auxiliary data sources to enhance the transportation data.u.s. department of transportation (dot).simsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ourlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingmentor complex projects using wide breadth of data sciences and advanced techniques.lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured &5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,4+ years' experience as a software engineering using python, c+ and have data engineering experience in python.very good understand of gcp architecture.experience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for healthcoordinate with the dod and national agencies introducing new technologies and data dissemination and archival concepts relevant to the aisr mission.3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities tothis program provides students with the advanced education necessary to draw insights from real data and apply analytical skills to solve practical problems.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onwe are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in all aspects of data analytics and data science including: dataexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.you will be involved with researching administrative and auxiliary data sources to enhance the transportation data.u.s. department of transportation (dot).simsan global solutions, inc. has job openings for the position of computer and information research scientist with a masters degree in data science and atthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ourlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingmentor complex projects using wide breadth of data sciences and advanced techniques.lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured &5+ years of data science experience in business setting including collaborating with business partners to understand problems, gather business requirements,4+ years' experience as a software engineering using python, c+ and have data engineering experience in python.very good understand of gcp architecture.experience building large scale data processing pipelines.investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for healthcoordinate with the dod and national agencies introducing new technologies and data dissemination and archival concepts relevant to the aisr mission.3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry.the primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities tothis program provides students with the advanced education necessary to draw insights from real data and apply analytical skills to solve practical problems.minimum of 2 years experience designing and implementing large-scale data pipelines for data curation, feature engineering, and machine learning, using sparkyou must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) toto that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor example: conducts chart audits, collects data, implements performance improvement interventions, and/or offers suggestions for performance improvement.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdeploy and maintain data science and data engineering development environments.preferred language familiarity: python, go, ruby, rust, scala database skills collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.experience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionminimum of 2 years experience designing and implementing large-scale data pipelines for data curation, feature engineering, and machine learning, using sparkyou must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) tominimum of 2 years experience designing and implementing large-scale data pipelines for data curation, feature engineering, and machine learning, using sparkyou must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) toto that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.purpose of position: to function as a professional nurse and to apply theoreticalcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe cpe software release management engineer function is essential to the successful development and deployment of new features and fixes as the functioncollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe department of mathematical & digital sciences at bloomsburg university of pennsylvania seeks individuals to serve as either full-time or part-time temporarythe rn provides patient care under the supervision of a physician.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees andcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcandidates may be tasked with teaching and/or developing courses related to some of the following topics: applying modern data science tools, business analyticscollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.collaborate with engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way.opportunity to advance on the data science and/or leadership track.4+ years work experience with data exploration and machine learning tools such as thoseknowledge of market research, data science methodology and trends based work.ability, from a business and data perspective, to understand how first party datatranslational or clinical research experience with a specific interest in applications of clinical data.bachelors degree; masters degree or doctoral degreepresent information using data visualisation techniques.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.combine models through ensemble modelling.3-5 years of data analysis.our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decisionwrites query to filter data or join multiple data sets.identifies sources of credible data and maintains data catalogs to provide key data sources to internaldeep knowledge of data science, collections metadata, and related workflows.at least 7 years experience in metadata, data science, or related field.data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, dataresponsible for working with business users to fully understand their needs for data science solutions; work with a variety of data sources, both internal andyou will be responsible for designing and implementing state-of-the-art ml algorithms and systems to personalize the entire experience for our users.perform research on various data science technologies and platforms.perform research projects on various data pipelines, data sets, and data products.practiced experience in collecting primary data, utilizing secondary data, as well as organizing and managing administrative data.perform exploratory and targeted data analysis using commercial and open source data analytic software packages.the data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionprogram, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.implement planned analysis, including data verification and data correction as necessary, using one or more systems of computer hardware and statistical geneticwe combine our one-of-a-kind data, our cloud-base ml pipeline, and the latest deep learning and computer vision research to improve existing products and createexperience with gpu technology, nvidia data science development stacks, and cuda programming.high level of enthusiasm and a love of data, software development,2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ouryou will recommend the most efficient analytic strategies to acquire and accurately mensurate the data they require.experience as a geospatial analyst.program, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.experience building and deploying high performance deep-learning models using either tensorflow or pytorch on significant complexity industrial/commercial datadepending on need and the instructors background, assignments could be in mathematics, computer science, or statistics, and could include mathematics coursescontribute to ongoing expansion of data science expertise and credentials by keeping up with industry best practices, developing new skills, and knowledgemanage year-over-year trade trackers and maintain historical trade files, ifr data updates, process mapping and the team site.a ph.d. degree in industrial engineering, systems engineering, data science, or a closely related field is required.maintains quality control and lc-ms-ms chromatographic data prior to release or results to physicians.enters testing data and reviews chromatography andexperience with python data science modules is preferred.create tools to facilitate data analysis.you will work in an interdisciplinary team consists ofba/bs in data science, finance or business administration preferred.strong research and quantitative data modeling skills: experience working with large dataskilled with data science programming in python and sql.a data scientist also plays a role in mentoring junior level staff in marketing and data sciencesexperience of working with common relational and/or nonrelational databases and common web data and social data sources.at least 18 years of age.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theeducation: bachelors or master's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, industrial engineering or a related field.design and develop data analytics system for networking telemetry and configuration data;qualification: bachelors degree in computer science or a relatedanalyze data processes in documentation.research in ibiis and aimi enables improving health by advancing the clinical and basic sciences in radiology, whilethe product operations data team drives strategic initiatives for better data collection and reporting, ensure data integrity across multiple data sources, andas a data scientist, you will support the surface mining division in matters related to data science, analytics and digitalization, including driving andpresent information using data visualisation techniques.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.combine models through ensemble modelling.2+ years of work experience in software engineering and data science.this role will require hybrid knowledge of software engineering and data science,great skills in risk evaluation metrics development is a must as is significant experience in data ecosystems and data collection strategies.proficiency in python language and data science packages (e.g., numpy, pandas, scipy, matplotlib).the pacific northwest national laboratory (pnnl) seeks a postdevelopment of enterprise data assets, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data.execute preliminary data exploration, data preparation steps and variable/algorithm selection as well as model development/validation and scoring.program, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.implement planned analysis, including data verification and data correction as necessary, using one or more systems of computer hardware and statistical geneticwe combine our one-of-a-kind data, our cloud-base ml pipeline, and the latest deep learning and computer vision research to improve existing products and createexperience with gpu technology, nvidia data science development stacks, and cuda programming.high level of enthusiasm and a love of data, software development,2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ouryou will recommend the most efficient analytic strategies to acquire and accurately mensurate the data they require.experience as a geospatial analyst.program, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.experience building and deploying high performance deep-learning models using either tensorflow or pytorch on significant complexity industrial/commercial datadepending on need and the instructors background, assignments could be in mathematics, computer science, or statistics, and could include mathematics coursescontribute to ongoing expansion of data science expertise and credentials by keeping up with industry best practices, developing new skills, and knowledgemanage year-over-year trade trackers and maintain historical trade files, ifr data updates, process mapping and the team site.a ph.d. degree in industrial engineering, systems engineering, data science, or a closely related field is required.maintains quality control and lc-ms-ms chromatographic data prior to release or results to physicians.enters testing data and reviews chromatography andexperience with python data science modules is preferred.create tools to facilitate data analysis.you will work in an interdisciplinary team consists ofcollaborate with engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, representing key data insights visually in a meaningful way.opportunity to advance on the data science and/or leadership track.4+ years work experience with data exploration and machine learning tools such as thoseknowledge of market research, data science methodology and trends based work.ability, from a business and data perspective, to understand how first party datatranslational or clinical research experience with a specific interest in applications of clinical data.bachelors degree; masters degree or doctoral degreepresent information using data visualisation techniques.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.combine models through ensemble modelling.3-5 years of data analysis.our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decisionwrites query to filter data or join multiple data sets.identifies sources of credible data and maintains data catalogs to provide key data sources to internaldeep knowledge of data science, collections metadata, and related workflows.at least 7 years experience in metadata, data science, or related field.data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, dataresponsible for working with business users to fully understand their needs for data science solutions; work with a variety of data sources, both internal andyou will be responsible for designing and implementing state-of-the-art ml algorithms and systems to personalize the entire experience for our users.perform research on various data science technologies and platforms.perform research projects on various data pipelines, data sets, and data products.practiced experience in collecting primary data, utilizing secondary data, as well as organizing and managing administrative data.perform exploratory and targeted data analysis using commercial and open source data analytic software packages.the data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalto that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor example: conducts chart audits, collects data, implements performance improvement interventions, and/or offers suggestions for performance improvement.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdeploy and maintain data science and data engineering development environments.preferred language familiarity: python, go, ruby, rust, scala database skills collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.minimum of 2 years experience designing and implementing large-scale data pipelines for data curation, feature engineering, and machine learning, using sparkyou must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) toskilled with data science programming in python and sql.a data scientist also plays a role in mentoring junior level staff in marketing and data sciencesexperience of working with common relational and/or nonrelational databases and common web data and social data sources.at least 18 years of age.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theeducation: bachelors or master's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, industrial engineering or a related field.design and develop data analytics system for networking telemetry and configuration data;qualification: bachelors degree in computer science or a relatedanalyze data processes in documentation.research in ibiis and aimi enables improving health by advancing the clinical and basic sciences in radiology, whilethe product operations data team drives strategic initiatives for better data collection and reporting, ensure data integrity across multiple data sources, andas a data scientist, you will support the surface mining division in matters related to data science, analytics and digitalization, including driving andpresent information using data visualisation techniques.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.combine models through ensemble modelling.2+ years of work experience in software engineering and data science.this role will require hybrid knowledge of software engineering and data science,great skills in risk evaluation metrics development is a must as is significant experience in data ecosystems and data collection strategies.proficiency in python language and data science packages (e.g., numpy, pandas, scipy, matplotlib).the pacific northwest national laboratory (pnnl) seeks a postdevelopment of enterprise data assets, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data.execute preliminary data exploration, data preparation steps and variable/algorithm selection as well as model development/validation and scoring.5+ years of hands-on software engineering and data science experience.we are full-stack developers (backend/frontend), full-stack data engineers (data1+ years of derivatives industry experience as a quantitative researcher or data scientist.conduct statistical analysis of market data, historical trends, andserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofyou must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) toour robust pipeline includes investigational therapies in varied stages of clinical development, from recently approved products to earlier-stage molecules into that end, graduate nurses and registered nurses with less than two (2) years of rn work experience will need to possess a bsn, or as a contingency ofassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor example: conducts chart audits, collects data, implements performance improvement interventions, and/or offers suggestions for performance improvement.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralassesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programdeploy and maintain data science and data engineering development environments.preferred language familiarity: python, go, ruby, rust, scala database skills collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.you must have a make it happen attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as workthis position serves to help the management department expand ai/data science related research agenda and take a leading role in this topic area in its rootedlead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project data and coordinating team meetings;alternately, candidates may possess a phd in marketingexpertise in data analytics, data mining and visualization software such as python for machine learning techniques.ability to synthesize data from multiple sources for a deep understanding of opportunities.familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principlesensures effective and efficient integration across software, and systems data.the candidate for this position leads a team and provides technical analysis andanalyzes and interprets data to provide analytical interpretation to institutional constituencies.develop and implement quantitative and qualitative datasubject-matter expertise in a technical domain and experience with technical writing.proven record of managing multifaceted, global content projects with tightexperience or strong desire to learn statistical computer languages (r, python, slq, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.this role is for a a highly experienced and dynamic technical leader with outstanding client-facing skills, who takes an active technical leadership role onexperience with big data tools, especially spark (pyspark).experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets forepic is huge plus  they will be incorporating epic data and legacy data.this candidate will support the cost accounting group.2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howdemonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) toour robust pipeline includes investigational therapies in varied stages of clinical development, from recently approved products to earlier-stage molecules inexperience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productioncollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.purpose of position: to function as a professional nurse and to apply theoreticalcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe cpe software release management engineer function is essential to the successful development and deployment of new features and fixes as the functioncollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe department of mathematical & digital sciences at bloomsburg university of pennsylvania seeks individuals to serve as either full-time or part-time temporarythe rn provides patient care under the supervision of a physician.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees andcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcandidates may be tasked with teaching and/or developing courses related to some of the following topics: applying modern data science tools, business analyticscollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.builds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from wide variety of sources like dbms, file systems, apis and streaming systems for variousserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitycollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programfor the analysis of serial ct images and genomics data, design a ml pipeline that includes.feature extraction from imaging, genomics and clinical data (bothcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.purpose of position: to function as a professional nurse and to apply theoreticalcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe cpe software release management engineer function is essential to the successful development and deployment of new features and fixes as the functioncollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programthe department of mathematical & digital sciences at bloomsburg university of pennsylvania seeks individuals to serve as either full-time or part-time temporarythe rn provides patient care under the supervision of a physician.obtains vital signs, gathers pertinent health information while following decision trees andcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programcandidates may be tasked with teaching and/or developing courses related to some of the following topics: applying modern data science tools, business analyticscollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programbuilds data visualization to support business needs.assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives.builds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from wide variety of sources like dbms, file systems, apis and streaming systems for variousserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityexperience of working with common relational and/or nonrelational databases and common web data and social data sources.at least 18 years of age.you will work closely with other data scientists, engineers and partners across marketing, sales and r&d to derive insights from diverse data sources, help theeducation: bachelors or master's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, industrial engineering or a related field.design and develop data analytics system for networking telemetry and configuration data;qualification: bachelors degree in computer science or a relatedanalyze data processes in documentation.research in ibiis and aimi enables improving health by advancing the clinical and basic sciences in radiology, whilethe product operations data team drives strategic initiatives for better data collection and reporting, ensure data integrity across multiple data sources, andas a data scientist, you will support the surface mining division in matters related to data science, analytics and digitalization, including driving andpresent information using data visualisation techniques.undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.combine models through ensemble modelling.2+ years of work experience in software engineering and data science.this role will require hybrid knowledge of software engineering and data science,great skills in risk evaluation metrics development is a must as is significant experience in data ecosystems and data collection strategies.proficiency in python language and data science packages (e.g., numpy, pandas, scipy, matplotlib).the pacific northwest national laboratory (pnnl) seeks a postdevelopment of enterprise data assets, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data.execute preliminary data exploration, data preparation steps and variable/algorithm selection as well as model development/validation and scoring.5+ years of hands-on software engineering and data science experience.we are full-stack developers (backend/frontend), full-stack data engineers (data6+ years of experience in data science related fields.improve the understanding of data-driven product development across uber.we combine our one-of-a-kind data, our cloud-base ml pipeline, and the latest deep learning and computer vision research to improve existing products and createexperience with gpu technology, nvidia data science development stacks, and cuda programming.high level of enthusiasm and a love of data, software development,2+ years data analytics experience in a business context.you have that curious streak - want to investigate that data point, find that insight, understand howthe goal is to apply the most effective computational methods, including structural modeling, machine learning, and data science techniques to advance ouryou will recommend the most efficient analytic strategies to acquire and accurately mensurate the data they require.experience as a geospatial analyst.program, document, and validate software code to execute data handling tasks, perform data analysis, and produce data visualization results.experience building and deploying high performance deep-learning models using either tensorflow or pytorch on significant complexity industrial/commercial datadepending on need and the instructors background, assignments could be in mathematics, computer science, or statistics, and could include mathematics coursescontribute to ongoing expansion of data science expertise and credentials by keeping up with industry best practices, developing new skills, and knowledgemanage year-over-year trade trackers and maintain historical trade files, ifr data updates, process mapping and the team site.a ph.d. degree in industrial engineering, systems engineering, data science, or a closely related field is required.maintains quality control and lc-ms-ms chromatographic data prior to release or results to physicians.enters testing data and reviews chromatography andexperience with python data science modules is preferred.create tools to facilitate data analysis.you will work in an interdisciplinary team consists ofexperience with multi-billion record datasets and leading projects that span the disciplines of data science and data engineering.must be 18 years or older.demonstrated experience in leading data science, machine learning, or data engineering organizations with track records of delivering production ready datatake broad business ideas and narrow them down into actionable data driven insights.possess basic skills in sql proficient in tableau or other datadevelop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.define the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data.build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate andwe are seeking candidates with expertise in biostatistics and health data science at the level of associate or full professor are preferred, but candidates atstrong background in data science, mathematics, or computer science preferred.experience with big data analytics solutions.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.the participant will strengthen their skills in data science, data analysis, and data visualization.knowledge of environmental data and statistics.document data lineage across the full lifecycle (ilm) of information systems including data ingestion, data producing, data extraction, and data presentmentparticipate in the data science product development review process, in particular implementing code review, testing, and data profiling of newly developedcomplete projects that require data mining, analysis, and presentation.focus on solutions, dive into projects, quickly identify drivers in the data.preparing data for analysis, working with data engineering team to create modeling dataset, assess completeness and quality of data, and perform featureability to utilize one or more common data science scripting languages (e.g. python, r); experience with common frameworks for ml/ai (e.g. scikit-learn,recent peer-reviewed publications in computer science fields relevant to machine learning, big data analysis or high-performance computing.experience working with large federal health and/or life sciences clients.build client relationships by developing and delivering strategic solutions forthis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or aexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.responsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionanalyze difficult statistics and other qualitative/quantitative data, particularly workforce data, fevs data, survey data, retention, and retirement data.as a senior data scientist, you will be providing all the necessary technical expertise to architect, design, and model data including providing advanced andat least one year of experience supervising data analysts.proficiency in navigating computer systems; ability to learn new data systems quickly and to complycollaborate with other data scientists and engineers to develop rigorous data-driven methods to support translational drug development.experience of pharma and the life sciences, with a comprehensive understanding of the r&d drug development lifecycleexcellent interpersonal skills.develop data streams for gathering, aggregating, and processing raw data.the team works closely with data sciences and data platform teams to leverage theprovide statistical recording of real time data during sporting events.post in-game stats for various sports which include field hockey, football, golf,6 years of experience in data science, data analysis, data mining or other similar business functions.2 years of experience leading data science technicalmust be hands-on on data analysis tools and frameworks such as hive, spark sql or python to analyze any amount of data to both solve business requirements andthis persons primary focus will be to develop, refine, deploy, and productionize impactful data science projects to business users.comfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art.turn online data into sound e-commerce propositions, recommendations, and activations.contributing to primary data collection.advising on how data should be collected for engagements.evaluates and analyzes data to determine relevance andyou will be expected to represent credit risk management team in the role of a credit data, credit risk modeling and data science/machine learning expert.create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keydemonstrated knowledge of modern data science and data engineering orientated data pipeline management platforms, such as amazon redshift, hadoop, spark, orfoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitythe data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionat least 3+ years of business intelligence experience like etl, data warehousing management, data mining, report designer or developer in an enterprisedevelop data streams for gathering, aggregating, and processing raw data.the team works closely with data sciences and data platform teams to leverage theprovide statistical recording of real time data during sporting events.post in-game stats for various sports which include field hockey, football, golf,6 years of experience in data science, data analysis, data mining or other similar business functions.2 years of experience leading data science technicalmust be hands-on on data analysis tools and frameworks such as hive, spark sql or python to analyze any amount of data to both solve business requirements andthis persons primary focus will be to develop, refine, deploy, and productionize impactful data science projects to business users.comfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art.turn online data into sound e-commerce propositions, recommendations, and activations.contributing to primary data collection.advising on how data should be collected for engagements.evaluates and analyzes data to determine relevance andyou will be expected to represent credit risk management team in the role of a credit data, credit risk modeling and data science/machine learning expert.create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keydemonstrated knowledge of modern data science and data engineering orientated data pipeline management platforms, such as amazon redshift, hadoop, spark, orresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionat least 3+ years of business intelligence experience like etl, data warehousing management, data mining, report designer or developer in an enterprisefoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitythe data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionat least 3+ years of business intelligence experience like etl, data warehousing management, data mining, report designer or developer in an enterprisefoundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitythe data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalresearch design and data analysis.our mids program trains data scientists to manage and analyze the coming onslaught of big data, in a unique high-touch onlinework experience related to data analytics implementation is highly desirable.candidate must have at least a masters degree in data analytics/statistics/dataparticipate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceexperience deploying data science models in a production setting.experience building robust data pipelines using a variety of data sources, programmingrecent graduate with a phd in control systems, electrical, mechanical engineering, computer science, material science, mathematics, physics or other appropriateproven track record of research and peer-reviewed publications in engineering, computer science, or another relevant field of study.expertise in at least one of the following functional areas as applied to the life insurance industry: predictive analytics / data science, experience studies,experience with multiple data platforms and terabyte level database, and data transformation and cleansing.lead and contribute to projects that have advancedperforms queries to provide complaint data and ad hoc trend analysis on reported product problems/complaints.responsible for receiving, reviewing, and enteringprovide scalable solutions for handling large data volumes (terabytes of data).understanding of maintaining the security of company data; devise and implementoversees or partners in the development of data quality assurance checks, ensuring accuracy and consistency of data released for statistical analysis.skilled with data science tools, including hail or r (tidyverse).a strong background in computer science and/or computational biology is required; andclaims data as well as data from cms are utilized to project revenue generated from specific programs.experience in managing data to support and influenceworking knowledge of data science.understands data architecture, data profiling, data quality.automated tests and tie outs, self-healing data jobs.masters degree or equivalent in data analytics or data science, data informatics, computer science or data science related field.foundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and a/b testing.develop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization.based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projects3+ years hands-on experience in digital data analytics related roles, experience in analyzing large data set.health benefits and 401k offered.experience with statistical analysis/data science.own the aggregation and reporting of manufacturing systems data, including  mes data, shop floor trend data,lead rdna's data strategy including data storage, data modeling, data engineering for use in analytics, data process automation, and business continuity.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitythe data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to thewrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of dataexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.undergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds of2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.analyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andjob description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machinelabel machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.the marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutionsdevelop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionat least 3+ years of business intelligence experience like etl, data warehousing management, data mining, report designer or developer in an enterprisedevelop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.define the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data.build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate andwe are seeking candidates with expertise in biostatistics and health data science at the level of associate or full professor are preferred, but candidates atstrong background in data science, mathematics, or computer science preferred.experience with big data analytics solutions.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.the participant will strengthen their skills in data science, data analysis, and data visualization.knowledge of environmental data and statistics.document data lineage across the full lifecycle (ilm) of information systems including data ingestion, data producing, data extraction, and data presentmentparticipate in the data science product development review process, in particular implementing code review, testing, and data profiling of newly developedcomplete projects that require data mining, analysis, and presentation.focus on solutions, dive into projects, quickly identify drivers in the data.preparing data for analysis, working with data engineering team to create modeling dataset, assess completeness and quality of data, and perform featureability to utilize one or more common data science scripting languages (e.g. python, r); experience with common frameworks for ml/ai (e.g. scikit-learn,recent peer-reviewed publications in computer science fields relevant to machine learning, big data analysis or high-performance computing.experience working with large federal health and/or life sciences clients.build client relationships by developing and delivering strategic solutions forthis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or aability to apply statistical techniques in the analysis of data from clinical studies or other relevant area.delivers tasks as agreed and presents results.develop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.define the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data.build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate andwe are seeking candidates with expertise in biostatistics and health data science at the level of associate or full professor are preferred, but candidates atstrong background in data science, mathematics, or computer science preferred.experience with big data analytics solutions.this position involves a wide range of tasks including data management, programming and statistical analysis using both existing data and newly-collected data.the participant will strengthen their skills in data science, data analysis, and data visualization.knowledge of environmental data and statistics.document data lineage across the full lifecycle (ilm) of information systems including data ingestion, data producing, data extraction, and data presentmentparticipate in the data science product development review process, in particular implementing code review, testing, and data profiling of newly developedcomplete projects that require data mining, analysis, and presentation.focus on solutions, dive into projects, quickly identify drivers in the data.preparing data for analysis, working with data engineering team to create modeling dataset, assess completeness and quality of data, and perform featureability to utilize one or more common data science scripting languages (e.g. python, r); experience with common frameworks for ml/ai (e.g. scikit-learn,recent peer-reviewed publications in computer science fields relevant to machine learning, big data analysis or high-performance computing.experience working with large federal health and/or life sciences clients.build client relationships by developing and delivering strategic solutions forthis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or aability to apply statistical techniques in the analysis of data from clinical studies or other relevant area.delivers tasks as agreed and presents results.perform exploratory and targeted data analysis using commercial and open source data analytic software packages.ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate large data sets from disparate data sources.the carl h. lindner college of business, center for business analytics (cba), is accepting applications for one term adjunct (part-time) faculty in businesscomprehensive knowledge of physics, optics, mechanics, nuclear engineering, or material science.broad experience in analytical techniques of chemistry,strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.autonomously leads the client relationship.working knowledge of data modeling, machine learning.experience in leveraging data and analytics to inform clinical trial design.collects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programunderstanding of current behavior modification landscape, with specific specialization at the intersection of data science and behavioral science in health;the effort will consist of three main objectives: determine and model the probability distribution(s) of modern cyber data and generate new data sets from themasters degree in market research / marketing / data science is a plus but not required.develop story-driven reports and client deliverables that synthesizeexperience in documentation of data lineages, maintaining data catalogs, and ensuring measurable data quality and data protection practices.demonstrated competencies in the area of business analytics and data science.demonstrated competency or the promise of teaching effectiveness in data analyticsprovide scalable solutions for handling large data volumes (terabytes of data).understanding of maintaining the security of company data; devise and implementworking with technical and non-technical customers across every step of data science project life cycle.leading training and informational sessions on ourpartner with loyalty and payments, data science and testing teams to design, execute and analyze tests for performance and loyalty programs.the marketing and data science team requires an experienced and all-purpose data engineer to architect and manage a data warehouse (e.g. a datalake) along withintegrate internal data with external data sources and apis to discover and implement actionable insights.strong data cleaning and preparation skills.unknowncandidate responsibilities will be ranging from data engineering and machine learning, to data visualization and dashboard builds in shiny app.create data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.conduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns and2-3 years work experience developing data science projects.execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data engineering, modeling, interpretation,individuals with skills and knowledge relevant to some of the following topics are encouraged to apply: energy resource planning & optimization; modeling ofexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualitythe data scientist role involves solving technical, data-driven healthcare problems using computer science, mathematical, predictive modeling and statisticalconfidence with unix/linux strong understanding of data structures, algorithms and design patterns.you will be part of the askamex model automation team, aanalyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.job description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machineconduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andthe marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutions2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.label machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.develop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionthe conversations data science team designs metrics, performs analyses, and runs experiments to better understand the public conversation happening on twitter.analyze difficult statistics and other qualitative/quantitative data, particularly workforce data, fevs data, survey data, retention, and retirement data.as a senior data scientist, you will be providing all the necessary technical expertise to architect, design, and model data including providing advanced andexperience of pharma and the life sciences, with a comprehensive understanding of the r&d drug development lifecycleexcellent interpersonal skills.at least one year of experience supervising data analysts.proficiency in navigating computer systems; ability to learn new data systems quickly and to complycollaborate with other data scientists and engineers to develop rigorous data-driven methods to support translational drug development.6 years of experience in data science, data analysis, data mining or other similar business functions.2 years of experience leading data science technicalprovide statistical recording of real time data during sporting events.post in-game stats for various sports which include field hockey, football, golf,develop data streams for gathering, aggregating, and processing raw data.the team works closely with data sciences and data platform teams to leverage thecomfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art.turn online data into sound e-commerce propositions, recommendations, and activations.you will be expected to represent credit risk management team in the role of a credit data, credit risk modeling and data science/machine learning expert.must be hands-on on data analysis tools and frameworks such as hive, spark sql or python to analyze any amount of data to both solve business requirements andthis persons primary focus will be to develop, refine, deploy, and productionize impactful data science projects to business users.contributing to primary data collection.advising on how data should be collected for engagements.evaluates and analyzes data to determine relevance andcreate data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keyideally you will be pursuing a degree in data science, analytics, computer science, or engineering; others may apply.ingest and prepare data for new projects.6 years of experience in data science, data analysis, data mining or other similar business functions.2 years of experience leading data science technicalprovide statistical recording of real time data during sporting events.post in-game stats for various sports which include field hockey, football, golf,develop data streams for gathering, aggregating, and processing raw data.the team works closely with data sciences and data platform teams to leverage thecomfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art.turn online data into sound e-commerce propositions, recommendations, and activations.you will be expected to represent credit risk management team in the role of a credit data, credit risk modeling and data science/machine learning expert.must be hands-on on data analysis tools and frameworks such as hive, spark sql or python to analyze any amount of data to both solve business requirements andthis persons primary focus will be to develop, refine, deploy, and productionize impactful data science projects to business users.contributing to primary data collection.advising on how data should be collected for engagements.evaluates and analyzes data to determine relevance andcreate data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keyideally you will be pursuing a degree in data science, analytics, computer science, or engineering; others may apply.ingest and prepare data for new projects.strong expertise in data science/machine learning.your deep technical knowledge will allow you to work across data science, product and engineering teamsexcellent technical skills to turn big data in hadoop into impactful insights.to be successful in this role:5+ years of experience in analytics/datacollaborate inter and intra-departmentally on data from several different (disparate) data sources.3+ years of experience in extracting, cleansing and workingexperience with preparing large data sets for analysis.0-2 years of experience during coursework or as a data scientist in formal setting.10+ years of data science experience.familiar with a variety of data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence technologies.experience with large data sets and distributed computing (hive/hadoop).the perfect candidate will have experience building and managing world-class analyticsexperience building and developing high performing data science teams.build, develop and lead a team of data scientists.5+ experience in a statistical and/or data science role.ms/phd in computer science, statistics, or operations research or related technical discipline.technical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other datadata engineers build industrialized data assets and optimize data pipelines in support of business intelligence and advance analytic objectives.experience with extracting and manipulating data in relational databases; expert knowledge of sql.the associate must be proficient in employing large scalewrite production code to produce data infrastructure and automation of tasks.demonstrated knowledge of and familiarity with basic data warehousing principalsminimum of 2 years of work experience in a data science related.provide guidance and recommendations to leadership team in areas of analytics and data science.write sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis.queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.knowledge of popular data science frameworks, tools and approaches (python, r, machine learning).build tools and provide technical guidance for a team of datayou will be critical in achieving our vision and strategy for solving complex business problems with cutting-edge solutions driven by the latest advancements inresponsibilities include data analyses and generation of figures for new grant applications and independently write analytical method sections relating to theundergraduate or higher degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or other relevant areas.the nova platform integrates data from hundreds ofexperience working with and creating data architectures.you love maintaining the infrastructure for data and related services.transforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.confidence with unix/linux strong understanding of data structures, algorithms and design patterns.you will be part of the askamex model automation team, aanalyze data, and design and implement data science or machine learning solutions.proven experience turning data into successful products.job description:the quantitative services innovations professional will assist in software development and operational support of a reconciliation and machineconduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes.this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andthe marketing & customer analytics organization is comprised of data scientists and data analysts responsible for designing and executing analytical solutions2-4 years experience in a data scientist or data analyst role in which you extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support.label machine learning data from customers.do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks.you will be working cross-functionally with supplystrong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.develop strategies around data cleaning, data structure, and data tagging.design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and productionthe conversations data science team designs metrics, performs analyses, and runs experiments to better understand the public conversation happening on twitter.work experience related to data analytics implementation is highly desirable.candidate must have at least a masters degree in data analytics/statistics/datamaintain knowledge in analysis, statistics, data visualization, and data management solutions.provide analytic, statistical, data management and technicalparticipate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceexperience deploying data science models in a production setting.experience building robust data pipelines using a variety of data sources, programmingrecent graduate with a phd in control systems, electrical, mechanical engineering, computer science, material science, mathematics, physics or other appropriateproven track record of research and peer-reviewed publications in engineering, computer science, or another relevant field of study.experience with multiple data platforms and terabyte level database, and data transformation and cleansing.lead and contribute to projects that have advancedexpertise in at least one of the following functional areas as applied to the life insurance industry: predictive analytics / data science, experience studies,performs queries to provide complaint data and ad hoc trend analysis on reported product problems/complaints.responsible for receiving, reviewing, and enteringprovide scalable solutions for handling large data volumes (terabytes of data).understanding of maintaining the security of company data; devise and implementoversees or partners in the development of data quality assurance checks, ensuring accuracy and consistency of data released for statistical analysis.skilled with data science tools, including hail or r (tidyverse).a strong background in computer science and/or computational biology is required; andclaims data as well as data from cms are utilized to project revenue generated from specific programs.experience in managing data to support and influenceworking knowledge of data science.understands data architecture, data profiling, data quality.automated tests and tie outs, self-healing data jobs.masters degree or equivalent in data analytics or data science, data informatics, computer science or data science related field.work experience related to data analytics implementation is highly desirable.candidate must have at least a masters degree in data analytics/statistics/datamaintain knowledge in analysis, statistics, data visualization, and data management solutions.provide analytic, statistical, data management and technicalparticipate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceexperience deploying data science models in a production setting.experience building robust data pipelines using a variety of data sources, programmingrecent graduate with a phd in control systems, electrical, mechanical engineering, computer science, material science, mathematics, physics or other appropriateproven track record of research and peer-reviewed publications in engineering, computer science, or another relevant field of study.experience with multiple data platforms and terabyte level database, and data transformation and cleansing.lead and contribute to projects that have advancedexpertise in at least one of the following functional areas as applied to the life insurance industry: predictive analytics / data science, experience studies,performs queries to provide complaint data and ad hoc trend analysis on reported product problems/complaints.responsible for receiving, reviewing, and enteringprovide scalable solutions for handling large data volumes (terabytes of data).understanding of maintaining the security of company data; devise and implementoversees or partners in the development of data quality assurance checks, ensuring accuracy and consistency of data released for statistical analysis.skilled with data science tools, including hail or r (tidyverse).a strong background in computer science and/or computational biology is required; andclaims data as well as data from cms are utilized to project revenue generated from specific programs.experience in managing data to support and influenceworking knowledge of data science.understands data architecture, data profiling, data quality.automated tests and tie outs, self-healing data jobs.masters degree or equivalent in data analytics or data science, data informatics, computer science or data science related field.i am a computer science major in college and i am struggling with data structures in college.set your own hours while you help students learn the subjects youthese positions are temporary and do not accrue benefits.responsibilities could include: developing and/or updating course syllabus, preparation of lectures,demonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) tothis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or adata model development using data science and. or analytic methods along with stakeholder requirements to inform data infrastructure projects on databasea phd in a data science related field is preferred but not required.a masters or terminal degree in a data science related field is required.collaborate with matrix partners to understand project developments, assess impacts to data and analytics.identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns inmonitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines.advanced degree in data science, statistics, or a related field.involved in gathering big data.responsible for the design and implementation of complete big data solutions including data acquisition, storage, transformationwe use advanced machine learning, data science, operations research, statistics, and related analytics methodologies, operating on big data and delivered on aexperience building data and modeling pipelines.in this role, you will work with time-series data from multiple sensors, build data and machine learningdevelop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.provides support in the analysis and validation of business and financial data reported across the loyola university health system organization.appropriate data representation for multiple data sets.performs initial data quality checks on extracted data.perform trend and cluster analysis on data to.3+ years of experience in software engineering/data science.solid grasp of computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms.i am a computer science major in college and i am struggling with data structures in college.set your own hours while you help students learn the subjects youthese positions are temporary and do not accrue benefits.responsibilities could include: developing and/or updating course syllabus, preparation of lectures,demonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) tothis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or adata model development using data science and. or analytic methods along with stakeholder requirements to inform data infrastructure projects on databasea phd in a data science related field is preferred but not required.a masters or terminal degree in a data science related field is required.collaborate with matrix partners to understand project developments, assess impacts to data and analytics.identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns inmonitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines.advanced degree in data science, statistics, or a related field.involved in gathering big data.responsible for the design and implementation of complete big data solutions including data acquisition, storage, transformationwe use advanced machine learning, data science, operations research, statistics, and related analytics methodologies, operating on big data and delivered on aexperience building data and modeling pipelines.in this role, you will work with time-series data from multiple sensors, build data and machine learningdevelop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.provides support in the analysis and validation of business and financial data reported across the loyola university health system organization.appropriate data representation for multiple data sets.performs initial data quality checks on extracted data.perform trend and cluster analysis on data to.3+ years of experience in software engineering/data science.solid grasp of computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms.expert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projects2+ years of experience in statistical analysis, data mining, machine learning algorithms and their application in various industries.serve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projectsserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projectsi am a computer science major in college and i am struggling with data structures in college.set your own hours while you help students learn the subjects youthese positions are temporary and do not accrue benefits.responsibilities could include: developing and/or updating course syllabus, preparation of lectures,demonstrated experience performing data analysis with earth science data.demonstrated experience applying data science techniques (e.g. machine learning) tothis level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in at the phd level in the physical sciences, computer science or engineering, or adata model development using data science and. or analytic methods along with stakeholder requirements to inform data infrastructure projects on databasea phd in a data science related field is preferred but not required.a masters or terminal degree in a data science related field is required.collaborate with matrix partners to understand project developments, assess impacts to data and analytics.identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns inmonitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines.advanced degree in data science, statistics, or a related field.involved in gathering big data.responsible for the design and implementation of complete big data solutions including data acquisition, storage, transformationwe use advanced machine learning, data science, operations research, statistics, and related analytics methodologies, operating on big data and delivered on aexperience building data and modeling pipelines.in this role, you will work with time-series data from multiple sensors, build data and machine learningdevelop, implement, and optimize advanced data analyses.demonstrated outstanding data analysis skills and proficiency in c/c++ and python.provides support in the analysis and validation of business and financial data reported across the loyola university health system organization.appropriate data representation for multiple data sets.performs initial data quality checks on extracted data.perform trend and cluster analysis on data to.3+ years of experience in software engineering/data science.solid grasp of computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms.demonstrated competencies in the area of business analytics and data science.demonstrated competency or the promise of teaching effectiveness in data analyticsin the process, you will work closely with data, science and engineering teams to invent on multiple dimensions ranging from data processing at scale, to modelcollects clinical data; follow algorithms, decision trees, and protocols.subfunction definition: nurses who have graduated from a college level nursing programexperience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., cassandra, elasticsearch, solr, mongodb, graph stores, minio for block storage).strong statistical and data science skills in a programming language such as r or python.the successful candidate will have freedom to explore their ownprovide actuarial perspective in technical meetings with data engineering and data science teams working on developing new features of the uw platform.participate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceexperience deploying data science models in a production setting.experience building robust data pipelines using a variety of data sources, programmingstrong understanding of modern analytics using machine learning and data science.3-5 years experience in loading source system data extracts into data2-3 years of experience working with hadoop big data platform and spark using pyspark for data transformation/data preparation coding.masters degree or equivalent in data analytics or data science, data informatics, computer science or data science related field.claims data as well as data from cms are utilized to project revenue generated from specific programs.experience in managing data to support and influenceparticipate in troubleshooting and resolving data integration issues such as data quality.experience using python and spark/python/sql and common data scienceexpertise in at least one of the following functional areas as applied to the life insurance industry: predictive analytics / data science, experience studies,assesses patients, clients and families and recognizes normal parameters, deviations and abnormalities in physical, emotional, developmental and behavioralbuilding an active learning framework for labeling of chat data at scale.based on 8 years of research at mit, and inspired by the human ability to acquireserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolsserve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projectsmaintain a calendar of data science training and education offerings.domain knowledge of bioinformatics, data science, analytics.the data scientist will use a diverse range of data-focused skills and experience, both technical and analytical.create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keycreate data tools for analytics and data science team members that assist them in building and optimizing solutions to become an innovative industry leader.use modern technology, statistical analysis and data science to streamline line of business specific processes while maintaining high data quality.define the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data.build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate anddesign, build, and a/b-test improvements and innovations to siriusxm + pandoras algorithmic radio, playlist, and recommendations products.high performance computing (hpc) and artificial intelligence (ai) are key markets for nvidia.researchers and scientists are actively embracing gpu programmingperform or assist in data collection, data cleaning, data analysis, algorithm selection or design, feature engineering, model training and evaluation, andexperience in data stream processing tools to ingest, process, enrich and store various data assets.understanding of complex data flows, identification of dataassist in enabling state-of-the-art data offerings for data mining, data analytics, data science, real world data, visualization, and machine learning.hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects.hands on experience with building data or machine learning pipeline.helps define, drive and deliver all aspects of the data science product lifecycle, from requirements gathering, education, and strategy, to study design,ability to manage time in accomplishing complex tasks while coordinating and mentoring data migration technicians is a plus.ideally you will be pursuing a degree in data science, analytics, computer science, or engineering; others may apply.ingest and prepare data for new projects.serve as a data science and analytics team lead in a highly matrixed research environment, and as a data science project lead on multidisciplinary teams thatexpert knowledge in data analysis and preparation, including experience with very large data sets (requiring big-data techniques) and sparse or poor-qualityas a mathematician, you will be responsible for creating mathematical models for multiple games and researching and analyzing games from a game/math balancethey may oversee other data personnel.this will include providing assistance in the establishment of data collection instruments and protocols, evaluationleading and participating in projects that require advanced data and business analysis skills including best in practice methodologies and modeling.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projectsmaintain a calendar of data science training and education offerings.domain knowledge of bioinformatics, data science, analytics.the data scientist will use a diverse range of data-focused skills and experience, both technical and analytical.create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.prioritize, scope, and manage data science projects and the corresponding keycreate data tools for analytics and data science team members that assist them in building and optimizing solutions to become an innovative industry leader.use modern technology, statistical analysis and data science to streamline line of business specific processes while maintaining high data quality.define the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data.build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate anddesign, build, and a/b-test improvements and innovations to siriusxm + pandoras algorithmic radio, playlist, and recommendations products.high performance computing (hpc) and artificial intelligence (ai) are key markets for nvidia.researchers and scientists are actively embracing gpu programmingperform or assist in data collection, data cleaning, data analysis, algorithm selection or design, feature engineering, model training and evaluation, andexperience in data stream processing tools to ingest, process, enrich and store various data assets.understanding of complex data flows, identification of dataassist in enabling state-of-the-art data offerings for data mining, data analytics, data science, real world data, visualization, and machine learning.hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects.hands on experience with building data or machine learning pipeline.helps define, drive and deliver all aspects of the data science product lifecycle, from requirements gathering, education, and strategy, to study design,ability to manage time in accomplishing complex tasks while coordinating and mentoring data migration technicians is a plus.ideally you will be pursuing a degree in data science, analytics, computer science, or engineering; others may apply.ingest and prepare data for new projects.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.comfortable working with large quantities of data.the associate will focus on all aspects of asset/liability management including: conducting analyses aroundexperience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.inform real-time data requirements design.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science.2+ years' experience data modeling for analytical data assets.required skills4 - 6 years of professional experience in nlp programmingnlp programming in r and or python / anacondaheavy programming skills; linguistics, textdetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements.the role will involve working with the cio data lake andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataconduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.1+ year(s) of experience manipulating data sets, visualizing data, building statistical models, and the general application of data science concepts and toolslead the data science team in building data products powering our advertising and monetization platform.consistent record of leading and influencing projectscultivate a data-centric and process-oriented company philosophy by helping to maintain best practices for software development, data management, and3-5 years experience selling business solutions to federal / civilian customers or to us department of homeland security with a focus on data platformexperience in tensorflow and other data science and data engineering frameworks.you will also play a pivotal part in the evolution and growth of our datamanipulate and process large multisource data sets.ability to query complex data from database.experience in developing database and data-driven applications.qualified candidates need to possess 4+ years of analytic consulting / data science experience.experience with nosql; streaming data, big data, python dataa. validate quality of input data and output results of models/solutions;c. validate the entire pipeline including: data ingestion, feature engineering, modelwork experience in programming, data science, machine learning.experience with industrial/commercial applications of data science including prognostic andtechnical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.).performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other dataone to three years of work experience in data and research science or analytics.work with engineers to evangelize data best practices and implement analyticsthe associate r&d data scientist is directly responsible for contributing to multiple components of the naep process data development for data science.developing and maintaining data pipelines.monitoring data quality across multiple projects.experience automating data pipelines for multiple projects.we're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networkingthe associate data engineer will work closely with the data science team, along with additional internal stakeholders in building the data infrastructure topartner with internal teams in data strategy, data science, activation, business intelligence, account management, and ad/revenue operations to optimizecontribute to the development and maintenance of our data infrastructure to enhance the cleanliness and effectiveness of our data sources.5+ years data science analyst experience. creating and editing/updating data scripts using r for use by tiu. cyber threat intelligence analysis and reporting.a solid understanding of data mining & big data techniques. the data analyst will be in charge of understanding and operationalising data delivery by siftingpresent information using data visualization techniques. work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging companyas an associate data scientist, you will be involved first hand with actual data science projects and writing code that matters.working with raw survey data to produce clean data sets for analysis and reporting. do you bring a strong background in survey data principles, such as:provides plan with data, reporting and analyses that enable data driven decision making. data science: 1 year (required). temporarily due to covid-19.support the design of end-to-end data visualizations/reporting solutions, from data extraction to the presentation, to address the clients needs.work experience related to data engineering, information, and data management. data engineers work with data consumers to create and populate optimal datawe are seeking an experienced administrative assistant to provide support to directors in data science and engineering.user interface design and prototyping data visualizations. 4 years of experience developing, implementing, and supporting the usage of data visualizationdata science: 4 years (required). one of the scripting language python etc. sql and pl/sql development, including code debugging, query analysis and performanceclustering of mixed event, real time data in order to determine clear operating regimes. the event data is process alarms from a refinery, chemical plant orgain confidence in skill application using analytics and data science techniques to manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets in order to generateparticipation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalconduct data quality assurance activities, including the identification and resolution of data errors. master's degree or higher in statistics, data science,support the collection, preparation, and management of client data and publicly available datasets such as the federal employee.feel free to apply if you think that you have adequate credentials to mentor job seekers for tech industry jobs in software development or data science.if you are a tech savvy individual with a proven background in basketball stats, performance analytica wants you to be part of our team.present information using data visualization techniques. identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes. analytical mind and business acumen.demonstrated data visualization literacy and the ability to select visualizations appropriate for a given business need.experience querying databases and large data sets to combine and manipulate data (e.g., import data, assess missingness, filter, transform variables, deriveexperience with building/tuning models inferencing against time series data. to create all quality documents, collect metrics data and conducting audits.this person will also be responsible for managing the team providing data pipeline work to the unsupervised system. working at kanini is flexible and personal.additionally, youll contribute to lockerdome's code base, working with large datasets within our platform and supplemental client data to build tools that arecreating complex data visualizations in tableau. creating complex custom data queries in sql. creating complex data models in sas or r or python.transform and convert data streams into structures needed for algorithm input. they will collaborate with data scientists to design tools to train machinethis position drives agency innovation and delivers expert business intelligence with respect to data governance, data visualization, data analysis andhbo offers competitive benefits to include medical, dental, vision, a matched 401(k) plan, flexible spending, a commuter benefit program and tuitionhbo offers competitive benefits to include medical, dental, vision, a matched 401(k) plan, flexible spending, a commuter benefit program and tuitionwork with social science researchers to identify relevant data needs for policy-oriented research purposes. contribute to and help maintain data structure for agather and characterize data inputs and outputs for the models. has 3-5 years of experience in python programming and 1+ years of experience using modeling anddata analysis: 1 year (preferred). collaborate with stakeholders to integrate data mining results with existing systems. experience with python a plus.data scientists: *machine learning : will develop, evaluate and modify algorithms and algorithm ensembles to performance against various network data sourcesthe data science recruiter manages the full lifecycle of recruiting while maintaining strong relations with business leaders, hiring managers, human resources8+ years of or, statistical or data mining algorithm development experience, including 5+ years of ai/ml development experience for real-world applications.gain real exposure to deep learning research. take time to develop a deep understanding of what makes neural networks actually work by reading papers and theyou will be the owner and expert of subscriptions data, enabling you to identify new high-value opportunities, analyze a/b test experiments, recommend dataptimus analytics, a data science and software company, is seeking a data science fellow in the washington, dc area or remotely.ph.d. or masters in data science, bioinformatics, or a closely related field or b.s. with 3-5 years of post-degree work experience.integrate third-party data sources with our data infrastructure. you'll also support with data science, machine learning, and engineering work we do.once the chatbot is created  will uses analytics data from watson assistant to provide insights into overall bot performance and areas of improvement.build and lead a high-performing team of data scientists. enable objective decision making across the company by democratizing data through dashboards and otherproficiency in python for data science applications. 2+ years of experience with end to end data science pipelines - data ingestion, processing, machinedata science: 3 years (preferred). proven experience in working with large scale data systems. formulating, suggesting, and managing data-driven projects whichbuild data science models that tie directly into other existing models. strong technical ability in a data-focused programming language, such as r or python.our r&d group helps shape the baseball operations decision-making processes through the analysis and interpretation of data. experience with r or python.advanced data exploration and visualization skills. bachelors degree in any technical subject (e.g., computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, etc).this individual corresponds with company contacts when problems are identified and assists in resolving data questions.strong experience in manipulating data and drawing insights from large data sets. experience working with and creating data architectures.passionate about teaching data science and data fluency skills. talented data science industry professional skilled in either python, r, sql, or sheets (or allminimum four (4) years of experience developing data analytics or data science solutions. ability to manipulate data from multiple structured and unstructuredaggregate and organize data from disparate sources in support of data analysis. knowledge of healthcare/clinical data desired.degree in computer science, math, data science or related field or a combination of education and 1-2 years experience in statistical analysis and reportconduct data analysis tasks in conjunction with client data smes. this position requires the applicant to parse disparate data sources to find the patterns andclosely collaborate with operations and data science to create scalable solutions for product problems. manage data and meta-data, structuring it properly viathe quantitative data analyst at redaptive leverages any and all available data to answer redaptives critical questions.you will be performing thorough testing and validation of models, and support various aspects of the business with data analytics.utilizes data for reporting and influencing hiring decisions, while maintaining data integrity. partner with coordinators and recruiters to manage an efficientexperience with common data science toolkits, such as r, python. extending companys data with third party sources of information when needed.as an associate data scientist, you will be involved first hand with actual data science projects and writing code that matters.our data analytics team supports operational improvement and business decision-making through ad-hoc statistical analysis of curated enterprise data and selfidentify valuable data sources and automate the collection of data. our plan is to build a data science team that will help us gain valuable insights fromdevelop expertise in products requiring price segmentation and in available analytic data. high-level knowledge of data sources, tools, and the business (lines,4-year college degree in marketing, advertising, data science or a business-related field. reviews data and reports for quality assurance.inspire and lead your team to deliver data and strategic and novel data science and engineering approaches that help optimize and guide netflix's contentdegree in economics, statistics, data science, or any field that requires strong analytical and writing skills. interest in libertarianism and public policy.this data analyst will require significant experience analyzing data looking for basic patterns and performing business-rule data validation, then producingdynamics client is seeking a software architect for a permanent position in denver, co (the ideal candidate will be local to the denver area and can go intoas a recruiting lead on our data science sourcing & recruiting teams, you will work closely with recruiting and sourcing leaders, data science business leadersdemonstrates solid data science knowledge. designing and developing machine learning and deep learning systems. running machine learning tests and experiments.prior working experience at a community college or university level in a content development/training/mentoring role is a must. job types: full-time, contract.experience documenting etl mappings and similar documents to provide data lineage and data transformation logic. testing and qa of all steps of processing.extending company's data with third party sources of information when needed. enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant fordetermine the appropriate data collections methods based on the unique data structure and elements. the role will involve working with the cio data lake andunderstands how to break down the data, extract insights, and determine utility within larger data analytic products.interpret and analyze data to accurately assess and demonstrate key insights into trends and opportunities. trend health partners is currently seeking analystsexperience using dbt to transform data. transform and model data using dbt and lookml. visualize data to communicate findings using platforms such as excel or2+ years of experience with data science, data analytics, or research analytics. join us as we use data science for good in public healthcare.myguru, a boutique 1-1 tutoring and test prep provider, is seeking experienced a data science/machine learning tutor to join our team.clara analytics is looking for an experienced machine learning engineer to join the data science team. collaborate with data engineering and product teams ondemocratize data and insights through skillful data structuring and use of visualization tools. collaborate with data science and tech to bring to life newhave demonstrable hands-on industry experience in data analytics or data science. have expertise in using python for data wrangling, exploratory data analysis,orsus research is a quantitative investment firm that selects securities based on quantitative analysis. we employ computer-based models and machine learningthe project manager is responsible for designing and/or implementing major information systems to meet the overall objectives established by management.conduct data collection and specification reviews. perform post-processing data analysis and interpretation. participate in customer meetings and briefings.leads ai best practice sharing opportunities and knowledge of industry trends and innovations in data science. salary: up to $120,000.00 per year.genus plc is a market leader in porcine, dairy, and beef genetics and is uniquely positioned as a global player with a dedicated, multi-species research anddisseminate data regarding data quality and system performance measures. assists in monitoring and providing regular updates to the organizations managementthree or more years working in a data scientist or data analyst role. maintain data documentation and definitions. six years of relevant technical experience.demonstrated experience with data governance and data management practices such as metadata management, data quality, data stewardship, and master dataknowledge in three of the following technical disciplines: data warehousing, big data management, analytics development, data science, application programmingself-motivation and interest in data-driven public policy analysis a must. the research analyst(s) would assist senior researchers in a variety of research andstrong knowledge of data science, data structures, data modelling and software architecture. reporting to the cto, the ideal candidate will have great problemassists in data analyses and preparation of charts, graphs, and reports obtained from research data. assists in the design and testing of questionnaires, dataexperience with data visualization best practices for data-driven storytelling. design of interactive scorecards, dashboards and interactive data productswe are seeking an experienced data scientist with skills and qualifications in analyzing and modeling geospatial data.two years of experience as a data statistician preferred. ability to write programs/macros to automate repetitive statistical and data tasks required.support the safety science eort to build applications and tools by applying advanced scientific algorithms and methods and translating the strategic vision ofsome roles will require proficiency in r, python, or similar for statistical modeling and analyzing time-series data.assist data scientists in developing data products that contain dynamic data visualizations to present findings, data explorers that allow users to explore andsolid experience performing data science from data discovery, cleaning, model selection, validation, and deployment; experience coding artificial intelligencemasters degree with coursework in data analysis or data science. additionally, the ability to set up a platform for data visualization is preferred.write tools to assist in mining data from various navy and dod data sources. assist in the assessment and accuracy of new data sources and data gatheringcollaborative mindset when working with engineering teams to implement data models and data gathering infrastructure in production.gathering data via advanced computerized models. developing and revising existing data models. extracting patterns of data through high-level algorithms.engineering support: participates with engineering in the design, development, and utilization of scientific/engineering electronic data processing systemsability to understand and implement product data management practices. working with product lifecycle management or product data tracking databases or similarour developers, analysts, and data scientists have a proven track record applying open-source innovative technology, data science, and actionable analytics todemonstrated experience with some or all of the following: data modeling, data visualization, statistics, experimental design, predictive modeling.an absolute passion for data, data-science, visualization, and analytics. coordinate with other teams and departments (e.g. data engineering, revenue operationsperform statistical data analysis and statistical modelling with high quality data handling techniques. incorporate process of continuous improvements into daybuilding data ingestion pipelines to ensure timely and quality data into our data lake. collaborating with our data science team on data and metrics.performs data conversions to review calculations and averages to ensure publishable data. performs data collection and survey processing activities.8+ years of total data analyst experience required. obtain data through advanced computerized models; extrapolate data patterns through advanced algorithms;demonstrated experience defining data flows, i.e., which parts of the organization generate data, which require data to function, how data flows are managed,this will help our team gather enough data to teach computers to identify the same traits. additional special projects may be assigned if time allows.building predictive models using unstructured data such as free text, images, voice data. workers compensation, general liability, and auto insurance data.review statistical literature for data and research methodology appropriate for inclusion in the research process and also as a means of helping to evaluate theprovide concise data reports and clear data visualizations. you must have the ability to obtain raw data from a data lake via sas/gcp, be familiar with dataparticipate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalexperience bridging the gap between engineering and data science groups. our group excels in the how' of data science  how to write repeatable code, how totheres also a lead data scientist and the data engineering team that can support this project. setting up a framework to figure out how to define which data isdevelop custom ml data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.responsible for creation and validation of new data sources, including data integrity across our data structures.you have experience building and leading large and geographically distributed data science teams (100+). you have a deep technical background in applied data1-3 years of experience in data analysis with emphasis on data and analytics. developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and otherresponsible for business analytics work through all phases, including data quality, automation, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results.people use stories to share their day, connect with their friends, and interact with content they love. this person will be tackling highly ambiguous problemsintegrate data from multiple data sets, analyze and interpret complex data sets and make findings relevant and actionable for both internal and externalprevious experience in political data. previous experience crafting narratives from unstructured data. collect, clean, and process data sets.you will be part of an ambitious plan to reshape human-computer interaction with conversational ai. improve the speech output quality in terms of naturalness,intermediate excel skills desire to continue to improve computational, statistical, behavioral and data science skills. knowledge of r is a plus.provide support to our data science and investment management teams. document the data sets in confluence. build, clean, and transform various time series databachelor's degree in data science, applied mathematics, computer science or otherwise research-based field; masters degree required.developing custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. assessing the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.degree in computer science, data science, or equivalent education and experience preferred. assists with providing data driven solutions.investigate and solve complex data issues such as data bugs that impact critical metrics. deploy data quality checks and ensure high quality of dashboards anddemonstrated experience with data modeling, database design, extract transform load (etl) processes, working with unstructured data, and cloud-based datain this role, you will work on some of the latest applications of data science to business. we are looking for candidates with minimum of 3-5 years ofwe are seeking a data scientist or statistician to: deliver a plan of action for promotions that is data driven.combating data engineering and data accuracy issues proactively by helping to build out pipelines and proper data testing.bachelors degree in data science, statistics, computer sciences, information management, or another quantitative field.familiarity with data platform technology integrations. act as a trusted advisor on ai across the customer lifecycle; build champions by enabling customers toalongside, we plan to generate a portfolio of products and services related to decision making by corporate cfos and fund cios, unavailable till now withoutwe are a small team where you will have autonomy to create, train, test, develop, and deploy new models on a regular basis.our developers, analysts, and data scientists have a proven track record applying open-source innovative technology, data science, and actionable analytics tointerest in or passion for politics, the legislative process, technology, data analytics, and data science. partner with other data analysts to build predictiveexperience analyzing large healthcare data sets, such as claims and formulary coverage data, and synthesize patterns into actionable feedback to product andknowledge of data science technologies is a plus. able to generate ad hoc data on demand. design data models and develop database structures in microsoft sqlaggregate data and perform data preprocessing. 0-3 years of related data science/research experience. a demonstrable interest in data science, financial marketsbe the data expert supporting cross-functional teams, gathering data from various sources, and building automated reporting to democratize data across theability to communicate and explain data science concepts to diverse audiences, craft a compelling story. fluency in data and scripting languages (sql, pythondesign, build and validate data models in bi platform. work with dbas to construct architectural data solutions. skilled in sql and relational databases.bring together data, analytic engines, and data visualizations in one seamless computational process. create and document efficient, effective, and replicableas a bi engineer you will be responsible for designing, building and testing our reporting platform with a focus on data modeling and manipulation to createmay be asked to participate in academic data analysis collaborations. design implement and test new tools for codex and phenoptics data analysis.do not apply if you do not have extensive experience using ai to analyze imagery, classify images, building and training algorithms.familiarity with data science concepts such as data acquisition and cleaning, the major types of machine learning models used in business contexts, and modelnavigate various data sources and efficiently locate data in a complex data ecosystem. this position will be part of the data science engineering team at gapthis is your opportunity to tell us what you're looking for. if we open a role that is a fit we will reach out. apply today if you truly believe in our coredata science: 6 years (preferred). in-depth knowledge of algorithms, design patterns and data structures. use machine learning algorithms and techniques forbrainstorm, test, and optimize machine learning and data science solutions. a passion for solving problems with data. experience with python and sql.computer sciences degree with data analysis/data science concentration. review/qc data to ensure accuracy of attribution reports.ability to run queries and correlate data. abt associates seeks a qualified soc analyst to support the data science and survey and enabling technologiesidentify data sources needed to produce required data sets or reports and extract appropriate subsets of data. proficient in sql and custom queries.identify patterns and connections across varying data sets to enrich master data lists and enhance data processing. familiarity with etl tools is a plus.experience in data training means it will be advantage. should be working in both natural language processing and machine learning processing.knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: glm/regression, random forest, boosting, trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.as part of the residency program, you will receive dedicated mentorship from our expert instructors and faculty to cultivate your development as a dataexperience working with event data in a data lake. a self-service tool that allows data scientists, data engineers, and ml engineers on the marketing dataexperience with data science or machine learning a plus. design and develop data visualization and dashboards to increase access to data within the organizationexperience supporting data scientists across their many specialities, from analytics to machine learning. support calms data science team with clear objectivesclean and analyze data (includingpsychophysiology data). assist in collecting and analyzing data. the duke interdisciplinary behavioral research center (ibrc)we're looking for individuals in the data science field with the requisite education and skills to provide data-driven insights and help solve complex problemsutilize research methodology and data collection tools to ensure that appropriate data is gathered. enter data in spreadsheets and databases.experience with managing diverse data sources, including preprocessing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data to develop data marts for data scienceutilizing programming languages (python, c#, java, etc.) to scrape data from websites. rapidly growing, nationally recognized private wealth management firm iswork on data projects and proposals involving biz2credits financial services partners worldwide (banks, non-banks, debt investors, equity investors and others)translate business inquiries and challenges into data-driven solutions with the support of data engineers, scientists, and it (defining scope & requirements).strong, practical data analysis and data science skills. minimum of 3 years experience delivering highly technical courses for our key personas (softwareexpected tasks include designing data collection efforts, supporting the data analysis efforts my providing recommendations for statistical and mathematicalbecomes expert in data warehouse and company data sources. 2+ years analyzing data and creating reports. bachelors degree with a data/ technical emphasis.expert experience with data pipelines, data tools, and data organization for analytics. lead the data strategy, including data storage, data modeling, datathis role requires combined expertise in software development, programming, data science and data engineering. a.i. software engineering: 5 years (preferred).handling large data sets and relational databases. designing and maintaining data schemas and databases. visualizing and presenting data to stakeholders usinggiven a reference dnn design, adjust the dnn architecture such that operations or layers that are not supported on the target platform are replaced whileidentifies and integrates external data sets with internal data elements for analysis to understand underlying patterns and trends.experience building data entry, transformation, and loading pipelines for disparate data types. experience with streaming architectures and patterns, includingexperience designing data science solutions whithin a large enterprise solution architecture. demonstrated experience developing and leading the implementationmaster's degree in information technology, computer science, information systems or equivalent field and two years of demonstrated experience with analysis,expertise in communicating complex data insights for those without a data background. the data scientist will engage with senior leaders to identify questionsas a data engineer, you bring software engineering best practices to the production and maintenance of analytics code and bring an engineering mindset tovaccine protocol the university of maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. as partyou will brainstorm with our small team of data scientists on modeling and solutions to our problems. leverage our myriad data sources to help friction pointscommunication and data presentation skills. establish scalable, efficient, reproducible processes for large scale data analyses and model development.being the expert on where data originates, how they are mapped and utilized in our products, and ultimately what value data delivers to our customers.some technical/data science skills/tableau etc. are helpful. experience with social listening data helpful. heavy digital analytics experience, which can rangeexperience working with large scale streaming and batch data processing applications. experience working with one or more common data analysis frameworks suchidentifying data needs and proper methods for data gathering, integration, preparation, data quality and data governance. minimum of 7 years of experience with:experience in a data science, data analyst, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable role. ability to communicate and provide meaningful businessthe person will have a strong analytical and data science background. we develop products and services with a team of outstanding research and developmentyou will own significant projects directly aligning with carta's company-wide initiatives of data products and data quality.this role is responsible for programming the collections treatment decision logic in the katabat digital platform, as well as having responsibility formasters degree in social science field with emphasis on quantitative and qualitative research and analysis or masters degree in information technology,assist in training employees on data privacy and security topics. create, maintain, and enforce internal data privacy and security policies.build python based tools to monitor data quality among featuresets used across various models. build python based tools to monitor data quality amongdesign, development, evaluation, deployment and maintenance of data-driven models and analytical solutions for machine learning (ml) and/or natural language (nlthis position will use analytics and data to see around the corner of emerging pockets of demand, growth opportunities, and competitive shifts in support ofrelevant experience in data analysis or data science projects with quick understanding of new technologies. experience optimizing queries with large data setsadvanced degree (masters and above) is required in the fields of mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, ai/ml, etc.advanced experience pulling large and complex data using sql. experience with a data visualization tool (e.g. ssrs).leverage and oversee external collaborations to further the organizational goals around data science and computation.all candidates must be us citizens and possess or be able to obtain a top secret security clearance.ideal candidates will have 1-5 years of experience in systems or software engineering with some experience with artificial intelligence or machine learningperform basic data calculations and analysis. create new automation solutions for business data needs. the position will assist data-driven initiatives whichtop 5 must haves: predictive modeling experience, good coding skills (python, sas, or sql),. minimum education requirement: master's degree in quantitativeenter and analyze data within government systems. experience using statistics and data visualization techniques to provide an accessible way to see andcan analyze data and review analysis from others and identify and resolve basic data issues. standard knowledge in the use of data sources and applications tobe a strong partner with data engineering teams on the data ecosystem and an advocate for the requirements of data scientists and data visualization engineers.experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. hadoop). proven experience as a data scientist or data analyst.interest in learning applied data science over unstructured data with machine learning, nlp using spark, scala and other cloud native tools.some knowledge of common data science toolkits, such as r, weka, numpy, matlab, etc. stay current on modern trends and advances in data mining technology.apply your expertise in quantitative analysis and data presentation to see beyond the numbers. data science plays a key role in driving both tactical andat least 1 year of solid data science industry experience. improving our data engineering and workflow. metis data scientists provide incredible and inspiringresearch science experience a plus (not required). ability to work with various data types independently, as well as with a team.this is a full time position with benefits! data processing to help with purchasing, e-commerce uploads and different company wide excel tasks.work closely with front end qe to ensure that high-quality data is presented to customers. understanding of machine learning techniques, data structures,deploy data science solutions: java, python, c++. 5+ years of recent professional industry experience in data science/software engineering.proficiency in processing and interpretation of data from various sar sensors. design sdk & api's for processing geospatial data sets at scale.this will focus on running and refining standard analysis, data management and data visualization workflows. scope of research: supporting cloud based analysisas well as to integrate as part of a team that will provide advanced analytical knowledge of data on the data science team, with a focus on conducting big datadevelop, and manage data systems to ingest and process data at massive scale. as a machine learning engineer on the data science team, you will design andability to analyze data and condense data to tell a persuasive story. drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.prior data entry or data management experience. excel: a data management tool that structurely leverages for data analysis, content management, and more.interpret results of data experiments and derive meaningful actions and prioritization of opportunities. be self-driven and show ability to deliver on ambiguousdeep understanding of data structures and oo design. our team is looking for someone passionate about machine learning with a strong background in softwareengineers in this field work with 3d digital modeling, material science experts and industrial designers to design and deliver unique and superior packages.we are looking for speakers of several languages to join us on a new innovative and interesting job to improve artificial intelligence (i.e. as speech or textexperience: at least five years hands-on experience in analytics, data science, or management consulting with a proven track record as a data analyst inclean and prepare data from primary and secondary sources, integrate data from multiple disparate data sources into clinical reporting database.experience in data mining, analysis, statistics and/or data manipulation is a plus. test business hypotheses using the data.our clients generate massive amounts of scientific data via varied high throughput technologies, and such projects require systematic analysis of6+ years of experience in data science or related. bachelor or master in the field of data science or related. deep knowledge of data visualization.identifies and integrates external data sets with internal data elements for analysis to understand underlying patterns and trends.the bi engineer is responsible for helping to extract valuable information out of the data lake using static analysis techniques, including creating data setsb.a. or b.s. with academic excellence (preferred discipline in biologic sciences, engineering, biostatistics, marketing, health policy or similar).solid with python (basic data structures, coding patterns) along with common data, math and visualization libraries. experience coding with popular frameworks.comfortable working with data-related python and/or r packages for data cleaning and modeling. in this role, you will work with fellow data professionals,hands-on data science or predictive analytics experience or advanced degrees in a relevant field (such as statistics, computer science, physics, or similar).you know how to communicate with partners, as well as working closely with a team of machine learning engineers and data scientists.knowledge of cloud services (aws preferred) and big data experience. set the standard for machine learning best practices and data-driven decision making.o create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture. experience developing highly scalable data platform and reliable pipe.bring structure to large quantities of data - turn unstructured data into structured data. bachelors or masters degree in computer science, math, economics ormanage scope and evaluate priorities to efficiently balance resources for data science projects. in this role, you will work with the data science team toa pums will allow data users to create customized estimates and tables that are not available through pre-tabulated data products.the problem facing the intelligence community (ic) is no longer how to get more data  its understanding how to turn massive amounts of data into answers.solid knowledge of data structures and algorithms. mentor and grow other software engineers and data scientists across teams.strong analytical skills with the ability to identify data trends. the sales forecast analyst will review data provided by sales representatives, analyzing andthe dsd provides data science expertise and support to the department of the navy and department of defense. as part of the navys only dedicated ffrdc, we usethe successful candidate will have the opportunity to develop novel tools for strain activity modeling, data visualization, and data interpretation to advance3 years of data analysis and/or data science experience in a clinical, industry, academic or life sciences setting. we work hard, have fun, and love what we do.building infrastructure to automate data transformations and other data science processes. basic knowledge of data science fundamentals. what you will be doing.positions support various department of defense customers defensive cyber operations missions with big data analytics and capabilities.interest in data science and machine learning. experience in data science and machine learning is valued. the ideal candidate will have experience in deployinggather internal or external data and validate data quality. a minimum of 2 years of data science and ai experience. very good communication skills in english.experience with data science software such as stata or spss is required. ability to apply rigorous analysis to complex issues, including strong quantitativewe offer a generous budget for personal development expenses like training courses, conferences, and books. you'll get three weeks' paid vacation and a flexibletrust & safety is a fast-paced, high-energy team responsible for assessing emerging fraud patterns and implementing cutting edge data protection and fraudwe are seeking a senior *individual life underwriter* with at least 10 years of experience in all three areas below: job types: full-time, part-time, contract.begin to manage analytical initiatives, develop junior data scientists and communicate analyses with leaders and key business stakeholders.understanding of data warehousing and relational data modeling fundamentals. keen attention to detail and data integrity.strong data visualization, data wrangling, and/or data mining skills using r. the analytics associate will use r to clean, mine, and assess large datasets injob details apply save print this job email aat google, data drives all of our decision-making. articulate business questions and use mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using data.skill nice to have: cloud (particularly aws) experience. job types: full-time, contract. temporarily due to covid-19.this includes formulating, amending, and verifying theoretical, statistical and empirical models and data from multiple application areas.analyzes information using data manipulation and statistical analysis to evaluate new and existing programs and procedures.4-5+ years of real-world business experience in a data science role. familiarity with data platform technology integrations.collaborate with data science, engineering, and business-focused colleagues to inform data and client related decisions, automate data processes, and determinedrive strategic organization wide data science initiatives and serve as tech lead on critical data science projects within the well-beings foundations pillar.ability to analyze and report on complex data. extremely strong hands-on python, r and nlp tools with knowledge in excel & vba skills,.proficient with at least one language for data analysis and modeling, such as r, python or sas. understand the competitive marketplace, business issues and data6+ years of experience in an analytically-driven role (in analytics, data science, finance, or related fields).provide expertise in data science and analysis techniques, including analyzing and optimizing current historical data sets as well as augmenting or extendingpresent information using data visualization techniques. undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data. combine models through ensemble modeling.performs data mining and data cleansing tasks. solid skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics you will champion infrastructure-as-code and test driven development, building out the workings of modern data transformation & data science pipelines.associate data scientists create visualizations, interactive analytical applications and interpretive artifacts to support business application of data sciencecomfortable with the ambiguous; balancing data science and data art. turn online data into sound e-commerce propositions, recommendations, and activations.strong data skills, with an understanding of how to apply data to communications, marketing, and business strategy problems. authorized to work in the us.present information using data visualization techniques. undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data. combine models through ensemble modeling.knowledge of spark, comfortable with larger scale data. explore new data sources and think of innovative ways to incorporate these into existing and newbasic understanding of containerization and image management for data science notebooks. interprets data and from multiple sources using a variety of analyticalmaintain and enter a large dataset of real estate, economic data, and verify data integrity. assist in compute and analyze real estate and economic data byhelp drive a data-first culture where data is understood and leveraged in decision making. minimum of 2 years experience (4-6 years preferred) performingvaccine protocol the university of maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. as part2+ yrs experience solving problems & informing decision making with real-world data. youre just as comfortable thinking creatively to approach problems in adata science life-cycle literacy. the ideal candidate has a bs or ms in a software engineering, computer science, or related field of study.all types of learning and ai, including deep learning and statistical learning, are potentially relevant.strong sql and data analysis skills. 3+ years of experience in data/business/technical analysis, strong sql and data analysis skills, excel wizard that dreamswrite sql queries for reporting, etl, and general data analysis. queries range in complexity depending on use case, but often require querying relational data.developments of test scripts and data sets. assist in the preparation of effective data flows (i.e. edc/ixrs systems to iqvias ctms)assist in the testing,ability to manage and work with data that involves some complex transformations. successful applicants will work on data and applications to support pharmacistsuse sql to pull, clean, and filter data for analysis. radiology partners is seeking a sr. analyst responsible for providing analyses that support the directorhere, you will scale our data science models into production-level applications. our data & analytics team makes all of that possible, whether its getting dataperform data analysis and derive meaningful insights from a variety of data sources. we're looking for an entry level data scientist interested in using datayou will work with customers to leverage data to help them achieve their business priorities and help guide customers journey through analytics-led azure datacollect data from internal or external sources to create additional reporting sources within the data warehouse. experience in admissions is preferred.in this role you will have several distinct responsibilities and priorities: build new technologies and algorithms to optimize business processes applystrong research skills, preference for research applied to large financial data sets. bs / ms from top tier university with a focus on statistics / applied math2+ years of work in a data-centric field (data science or data engineering). we emphasize rigor, because data science done right at this stage leads to modelsthe responsibilities will include management of regulatory protocols (irb), acquisition of medical imaging and other data from medical records at dukethe data analyst will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools tolead projects that use innovative data science methods (such as open source programming, machine learning; data linkage; statistical analysis; and big datainsight into how the operational realities of data science can be better managed and accelerated. validated multiple forms of structured and unstructured dataexpertise with developing, implementing and deploying ml and deep learning programs and computational solutions employing data science techniques.work on all project related data requests. enforces good data quality principles in all activities. experience working with project teams to define datafoster the adoption of nlp and data science across research teams. collaborate with all data science team members to facilitate knowledge sharing and crossacquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems. technical expertise regarding data models, database design development,experience and training in data science. the position participates as a member of the data science team in identifying and analyzing school data, proprietarywork with our data science and engineering teams to surface deep insights on voter behavior. at least one cycle or year of experience in politics or socialrequired: a bachelors degree in data science, quantitative social sciences, planning, geography, statistics, or related field is required, with considerabledevelop knowledge on healthcare data and its schema as persisted in ds databases and perform data analysis to support data quality.developing highly scalable data platform and reliable pipe. o create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture. must have* : r language skills.ability to pursue a career in data science. youll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends,deliver high quality data output under aggressive deadlines covering unique data analysis requests from a range of customers. business level fluency in english.solid technical and data science foundation. evaluate data sources for accuracy and potential to augment betterview's existing data catalog.15 years worth of data excites you. develop an understanding of how data moves through harvest. munge data, analyze and interpret results to provide both ad-hoc2-3 years of experience in business analytics, data science, or consulting in these fields. b.s. or equivalent degree in computer science, statistics,communicate status of projects and future goals to ceo, data science team, and client teams. as part of saluds data science division, this position will workexperience developing data visualizations that provide actionable insight. experience developing analytics solutions utilizing complex data sets.develop scalable solutions with the focus of productionizing data science team ml model portfolio. effectively partner with applied data scientists and laytransform data and insights into compelling and creative visualizations. you have experience using applied statistics, and youre comfortable working withexpert sql skills, data modeling, python experience a plus. develop and support the analytical technologies that give our team timely, flexible, and structuredall statisticians must have or be actively pursuing graduate degrees in statistics, applied math, data analytics, or a similar field as well as relevanthelping fellows optimize everything from their resumes to data science projects. 3+ years of experience in the technology industry or in a related field as adevelop data science project plans, manage deliverables, and measure roi for data science initiatives. lead the development of data science and analyticsbuild data visualizations to communicate our models outputs to external clients. design and model predictive analytics models.write and edit sql code to ensure data is pulled optimally. serve as subject matter expert (sme) for business data, systems and processes under teams area ofpassion to answer product/engineering questions with data. can fish for data: sql, pandas, mongodb. can do big data modeling work: hadoop, pig, scala, spark.candidates for the nsa's data scientist roles are asked to complete a data science examination evaluating their knowledge of statistics, mathematics, andundergraduate degree in computer science or other relevant discipline or equivalent practice experience. 20 years of experience, including 10 years in the fullwill be learning in the space of programming and data standards. this role is a hands on statistical programmer supporting study and asset teams in the deliveryexperience developing and maintaining enterprise-level, scalable data stores and data access platforms supporting analytics and data science solutions.develop a deep understanding of the application of empirical methods and data science to challenging applied prediction problems. proficient in python and sql.the business analysts role is focused on managing the offering setup process and assisting with the content delivery work that is necessary to release contentdevelop proof-of-concept ideas using data, data science and human behavior to improve our business processes. measure the impact of the improvement.work with engineering in pursuit of better data modeling and data quality. bigquery for warehousing our data. sql and python for crunching data.bonus for experience with data architecture. administer databases and data pipelines in a quickly evolving system.model risk governance & review (mrgr) is a corporate risk team within jpmc with the responsibility for developing and implementing the firm's estimation riskinfluence risk strategy and prioritization through data. 3+ years of professional experience in data analytics or a related field. experience in a/b testing.take responsibility for preparing data for analysis, review data preparation/etl code and provide critical feedback on issues of data integrity.experience analyzing large healthcare data sets, such as claims and formulary coverage data, and synthesize patterns into actionable feedback to product andcreate compelling visualizations and presentations of data to drive the ideation and development of our data studies. ability to tell a story using data.background in visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders and knowledge of data visualization tools. this position will provide the analyst with an opportunitydefine metrics to measure the quality of data and overall effectiveness of the data governance program over time partner with the data engineering and datacreate enterprise information/data views. provide enterprise information/data management support; provide strategic information and data/architectural service.apply data visualization techniques to support alignment and integration of data driven decisions with stakeholders across hr&d.manage data science team and support multiple projects collaboratively. 3+ years of experience in a data science role, building predictive algorithms and datathis role will have a deep understanding of data architecture, data engineering, data analysis, reporting, and a basic understanding of data science techniquesin ibm security, you can access security data on a global scale. experience in open source machine, and deep learning frameworks, model validation andthis engineer will deploy production ai functionality, and will help run data-science experiments at scale. the role will work closely with our data scientistsproficient in data workflows, data collection methodologies, and data analysis. work on data modeling, discovering insights and identifying opportunitiesparticipate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalan experienced engineer with data science experience. a thorough understanding of the challenges of building ml pipelines with large data sets and taking thesequery, analyze and model transactional data from operational databases, internal data-stores, and data warehouses.proficiency in visualization tools and packages; and in communicating data science topics to non-technical audience is a requirement.experience with most phases of a data science project: the jr. data scientist is passionate about using data science to achieve business success and informacquires data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems. gathers business data requirements to identify, analyze, and interpretdefine and execute the data engineering roadmap (e.g. establish an operational data lake and a real-time reporting environment for the operations).enable objective decision making across the company by democratizing data through dashboards and other analytical tools.leads, designs, develops, tests and implements applications and system components, tools and utilities, models, simulation, and analytics to manage complexibm provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environmentswith complete softwareph.d. (preferred) or m.s. degree in statistics, applied math, data science, or a related field. lead dashboard creation to clearly communicate data and findingscarry out development of data analysis algorithms to address program and sponsor data sciences requirements. collaborate with scientists and researchers in onedeep understanding of data science principles and methodologies. you will build data science models using a variety of methodologies.experience in building data pipelines. design and develop scalable infrastructure that enables deploying machine learning models on petabytes of data.you will work directly with the technology, data science, and management teams. using modern technologies for data science, ai and ml, we analyze behavioralgood knowledge of sql queries, postgresql. good knowledge in writing scripts using r /python. power bi, creating dataflows, writing dax and m -queries in powerdemonstrated data manipulation and data management skills. utilize standard statistical and/or data management software packages (e.g. sas, r) to execute dataability to pull data writing complex sql queries in different data sources. perform data segmentation and aggregation from scratch.strong in person and email communication skills, to tell data stories to non-technical audiences. in this role as an operations analyst, youll support ourproficiency with data visualization tools such as power bi or tableau. developing and supporting internal, data-related systems and processes.mastery of sas, r, and/or python for data science (including machine learning). as a data science advisor supporting cms, you will be trusted to work on leading5+ years data engineering, data management and transformation experience. knowledge of data mining, machine learning, data visualization and statisticalprovide and apply quality assurance best practices for data science services across the organization. drive the collection of new data and the refinement ofability to evaluate and interpret results of common data science models. 4 + years data science/analytics experience with big data tools, machine learning andcollaborate with data science and statistics to define data collection methods and requirements such that the downstream signal processing and data analysis canperform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive product decisions. possess statistical competence (such as regressionmust be authorized to work in the u.s. without visa sponsorship. experience managing a development team. previous experience as a software developer workingproficiency in data engineering frameworks, ability to understand and manipulate data and analyze data needs. participating in designing new data applications.interest in learning and applying data analysis and data science techniques to process, analyze, and visualize missile defense data from various sources.2+ relevant experience within data science or analysis. the data scientist will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applyingdrive bottom line impact for the business through advanced analytics and data science projects. the commercial analytics junior data scientist will helpcollaborative mindset when working with engineering teams to implement data models and data gathering infrastructure in production.you have strong previous experience in data science and analysis. you're familiar with best practices in data science & engineering.performing quality control of curated data (data entered by third party); masters coursework in statistics, data science, machine learning, user experience and2+ years of experience using data analytics and statistics. data science: 2 years (required). ensure overall quality of the data & solutions throughout theeffectively presents research data for one-on-one meetings, small and/or large group presentations, at least one annually. takes minutes etc. as needed.ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (ai, deep learning).bachelors or equivalent experience in statistics, computer science, engineering, informatics, data science, or related field; additional business degree is aproficient at creatively and efficiently developing data science solutions. proficient with a wide variety of complex data science and engineering skills.implement bi solutions to achieve data reporting and analysis goals. 5+ years of experience in designing and developing advanced reporting, businessqualified candidates should have demonstrated experience in statistical machine learning and geographic data science related research areas.you have a ba degree in computer science, data analytics, data science, data/information management, economics, or related field.4-5+ years of real-world business experience in a data science role. familiarity with data platform technology integrations.analyze/interpret data, draw business inferences and clearly articulate findings for target audience. perform and manage a variety of advanced statisticaljob no: 530543 entity: musc university department: academic affairs - provost office sub department: univ-3001000-library work type: full-time employee type:interview query is a rapidly growing data science startup based out of san francisco. our mission is to help any aspiring data scientists land a job.*data and machine learning engineer* the data and ml engineer performs data wrangling, design, and deploys machine learning pipelines to meet enterprise*job description* we are looking for someone who loves teaching and also loves python for data science. we are a group of passionate instructors who help ourwho's clearcover? clearcover is the smarter car insurance company. we use powerful technology to offer everyday drivers better coverage for less money. we'recompany overview: edison energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of edison international (nyse: eix), provides independent, global advisory solutions to help largeteam description: our computer vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. ourwe're transforming the grocery industry instacart is the north american leader in online grocery and one of the fastest-growing companies in e-commerce.data scientist (all levels) annapolis junction, md security clearance: a current government clearance, background investigation, and polygraph are required.summary: onix is currently seeking a dedicated, self-motivated technical expert to fill the role of data engineer. scope/level of decision making: this is andata scientists at microsoft help to improve the quality of experiences on our devices and services. we are looking for highly motivated and passionate dataidentify areas throughout the member journey in which data science can be leveraged and have an outsized impact. expand the core commerce data science roadmap.provide ad-hoc data analysis under tight deadlines as required. experience in analyzing, interpreting and presenting data is a must.understanding of data science techniques and mlops. proven experience leading the design and implementation of enterprise-scale data solutions.demonstrated professional experience in tableau, including server administration, server functions, data source creation and maintenance, reporting andbachelor's degree in data science, statistics, engineering, business, management information systems, computer science, or a related program.data transfer initiation within 2 hours of the end of each data collection. maintenance of all hardware and software as required by onsiteiq for data collectioninterest in data analytics, data visualization, and/or machine learning. experience with python in the application of data analysis, data management and/oryou will be responsible for driving and democratizing insights about our core businesses, working cross-functionally with key business leaders to set businesstraining or experience in data science a plus. experience with data visualization modeling (looker, tableau, powerbi) a plus.leverage data mining tools & techniques to analyze large amounts of data identifying relationships and patterns within the data. temporarily due to covid-19.some roles will require proficiency in r, python, or similar for statistical modeling and analyzing time-series data.write production code to produce data infrastructure and automation of tasks. demonstrated knowledge of and familiarity with basic data warehousing principalsrefine, prioritize, and execute data science opportunities in a collaborative manner. ship iterative data science product versions in an experimental fashion tostrong problem solving mindset with the ability to create solutions to difficult problems often requiring integration of conflicting and, at times, ambiguous orexperience in presenting data reports and recommendations based on the analytical findings. experience in applying statistical and quantitative analyticalexperience manipulating large data sets in sql or equivalent, and drawing actionable insights from data. apply your expertise in quantitative analysis and dataautomating data science and machine learning algorithms. experience with big data technologies. we also offer many company-sponsored classes and conferencesa post doctorate degree in mathematics, data science, information science or a related field is an advantage. identify and standardize the use and governance ofexperience collaborating with data scientists. experience with data science tools and workflows (pandas, scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc).5+ years progressive recruitment experiences with experience supporting hiring in data science, insights or analytics. who you will work with.strong data visualization skills (tableau preferred). minimum of 3 years (5-7 years preferred) performing exploratory data analysis to understand thedevelop data science solutions that can be tested and deployed to enable data-driven recommendations and outcomes.in the research, analytics and development (rad) department, we apply statistical and advanced modeling techniques to a myriad of types of data.work with a team of engineers and cross-divisionally with our partners to identify and define business problems suitable for artificial intelligence activelysupervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed. verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning. 401k plan with employer match.the role will focus in the development of market risk models for credit. the quantitative strategies group at credit suisse is a modeling, analytics and tradingprepare reporting and data visualizations including interpretation of trends and patterns. provide actionable insight into membership, product or operationalyou will incorporate diverse 3rd party data sets (salesforce, zendesk, humanity, zenefits) with drizly internal data. health, dental and vision insurance.we are seeking statisticians to (a) assist our clients in processing and analysing their data, and/or (b) advise on doctoral-level write up of methods, results,three or more years working in a data scientist or data analyst role. maintain data documentation and definitions. six years of relevant technical experience.recommend new data streams and ensure data integrity. develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.is capable of leading root cause analysis across interdependent business processes, disparate data sources, and multiple modes of data integration.standardizing on common data models across data types. innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.data mining: identify patterns and relationships within big data from the vast repository of data resources with different data types such as transactional andexperience with working with large data sets. experience working with pseudonymised data (encrypted, hashed, etc). ability to levitate things with your mind.as a member of our data/analytics team, you will create data-based approaches to solving difficult business and product problems, as well as generate businessmanage data engineers and perform hands-on data analysis and modeling massive data sets. develop frameworks for transitioning analytics solutions between5+ years of hands-on data science experience, data analysis skill, willing to get your hands dirty with data. team is based in bellevue.you will own significant projects directly aligning with cartas company-wide initiatives of data products and data quality.perform analyses, development and evaluation of data mining in a data warehouse environment which includes data design, database architecture, metadata andbeing the expert on where data originates, how they are mapped and utilized in our products, and ultimately what value data delivers to our customers.strong expertise in data science/machine learning. your deep technical knowledge will allow you to work across data science, product and engineering teamstransforms client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation.working knowledge of tableau, flourish, python, stata or other modern data science tools desirable. ability to work with complex data sets to answer policy2+ years of experience as a data scientist, data analyst, or similar role. successful applicants will be innovative, intellectually curious, and well versed inconducts data cleaning and exploratory data analysis. experience in database management, data documentation and data analysis, and working with multi-level dataidentify and validate data sources and pipelines, perform data manipulation routines, create new features, and perform feature selection techniques on complex,collaborate closely with product, engineering and data stakeholders and be comfortable to push initiatives with strong data driven reasoning to justifyattention to detail, self-motivation, flexibility, and resilience are critical and data visualization skills are a plus.provided architectural guidance around implementing parallelism, concurrency, security (authentication, authorization) on on-prem and cloud based data sciencethis position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.collaborate with engineering teams to design and implement software solutions for data science problems. understand ambiguous business problems and convert themoap's newly formed decision science team seeks a data science analytics leader to take on developing insights, models and solutions aimed at continuallyserving as the claims data expert for the organization. expert understanding of claims processing and user of claims data.familiarity with data sourcing, data cleansing, and data prep concepts. data management and data cleansing. experience gathering and analyzing amazon, ebay, andwe have projects lining up developing research-grade science data algorithms from in-situ sensors to bringing together data sources from disparate sub-agenciesensure that the client receives quality data by reviewing laboratory data for accuracy, clarity, and adherence to gmp and/or glp regulations.leading interdisciplinary data science and computational biology team that integrates high-throughput data generation, methods development, and applied drugengage with the broader data science organization to support, refine, and test large scale data science projects. strong excel and data visualization skills.understanding of master data management and data governance practices. they work with a large number of groups, including crm, data science, marketing, datapartner with data architects to ensure that data science initiatives and analytical solutions are aligned with the enterprise technology roadmap.design and implement data-driven product solution to increase the value of ads product. leverage data to inform the right business decision, such as designingthis role offers the potential to grow at cohere in analytics, or potentially move into other areas such as data science, operations or product .3+ years of experience in data science/management. develop, containerize, and maintain customers data science workflows. familiarity with the xnat platform.the ability to tell a story with data (large scale analysis, data visualization). (preferred) a graduate degree in computer science or a quantitative disciplinethe ability to tell a story with data (large scale analysis, data visualization). (preferred) a graduate degree in computer science or a quantitative disciplinemanage, grow, and motivate a group of data scientists and data science managers. 16 or more years of experience with data science, data analytics, or analytics.bachelors degree in statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, data science or closely related scientific discipline with strong analytical emphasis; advanceddevelop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.build dashboards and other data visualization tools. have a minimum of three years experience developing and building data driven products.experience reviewing bulk data and performing trend analysis through standard tools. organizational skills, both with physical workspace and electronic data.this position will work on various business intelligence and data science projects by analyzing customer data and building machine learning applications forkey objective 1: plan, develop, and maintain sustainable data science services as components of larger applications. flex time and remote work options.experience with time series data. help build and maintain an aws-based infrastructure to translate data from vendors and our proprietary data collection systemsyou will be working in key projects for leading organizations in data mining & knowledge discovery, predictive modeling, trend modeling, simulation models has solid data science industry experience. preferably has teaching experience alongside data science. is a data scientist with outstanding knowledge of andwe have deterministic formatting, zero linter errors, wide type coverage with mypy, etc. some of us have been working remotely for decades now, and wea graduate level trained statistician that demonstrates applied experience with social science, socioeconomic, visitor use, data in federal land management.we are hiring for ai/ml professionals with 5+ years of experience in (python and r, model and training development life cycles).independently construct and perform data checks; ability to interpret data, translate, and present findings; troubleshoot and propose workarounds to developmentfluency with machine learning and data mining techniques and concepts. strong experience with data processing in python (>2 years).4+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis. experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discovertranslate policy and strategic initiatives into quantitative data analysis and investigative data research. proficiency in using data visualization tools (e.g.curate and collect the data from a variety of traditional and non-traditional sources: extract data from sources, transform and integrate data in line withutilize appropriate data science methodologies to interpret and summarize data. identify data patterns and trends. document all processes and research.relational database skills, data modeling skills specific to data warehousing implementations. ability to train users on how to use power bi reports to analyzeyou are excited about the complexity and challenges of creating intelligent, high performance systems while working with a highly experienced and driven datain this role, you will specialize in and provide expertise in data analytics, data science/engineering, and data management.ensure data accuracy and integrity while also integrating data from multiple data sources and functional areas to perform complex analyses and evaluation.establish strong trusted relationships with the data science and product communities of instagram and facebook. 3+ years of experience with people management.acorn provides valuable and actionable insights into organizations' raw data. comfortable in python, proficient with pandas, matplotlib, performing exploratoryexpertise in causal inference with observational and experimental data. graduate-level research experience on data-intense problems or 2+ years of industryoverview: for more than 30 years, nci information systems has been a leading provider of digital transformation solutions and services to u.s. governmentexperience includes conducting energy studies and developing mathematical methods and techniques; developing mathematical/statistical techniques, approaches andmakes arrangements preparatory to obtaining voluntary data from enterprises for which the collection of data is expected to present relatively few complexitiesfrom the data we have. answer tough questions that come up by analyzing our data and provide insights gained from analyzing data. and by collecting new data.2+ years in data analytics or business intelligence. in addition, you'll work closely with other data-centric teams (like data engineering, data science, andprovide detailed source analysis and data mappings/transformations to enterprise developers to implement new data sources and integrations.identify data, metrics and analyses needs for business partners; initiate, develop and maintain data pipelines and data models that powers dashboards and dataassists evaluation efforts through the use of statistical software to analyze test data. evaluates data management and collection methodology with regard todeep domain expertise of data science, statistical analysis, and data visualization. able to design/develop industry-leading data visualizations based on anexperience in an analytics field, including data analytics, data science, or statistics in a professional work or educational environment.assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. the successful candidate will have strong experience employing amust have demonstrated experience with: modern ai methods and developing ai systems using unstructured text analytics; use of ai and natural language processingadminister and process regular data updates such as the monthly seasonal adjusted nyc employment data. assist other omb groups and taskforces with economic dataknowledge of market research, data science methodology and trends based work. ability, from a business and data perspective, to understand how first party dataa bachelors or masters degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science,understanding of data warehousing concepts and design. build data visualizations and multi-faceted dashboards that convey key performance metrics, significantbusiness analyst/data analyst- full time *this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*.database management, data analysis, data science experience. strong data analysis skills (debugging data anomalies). flsa status: full-time, exempt.experience with data science and machine learning analyses is a plus. experience working with big data technologies is a plus (hadoop, spark).interface with the data and data science organizations to help scale products or research on an as-needed basis. produce ad-hoc reports on an as-needed basis.this person will touch all aspects of the data life cycle, including data modeling, analysis, business intelligence, and more, in order to provide impactful,identify, role model, and evangelize data science best practices so that others become better practitioners as well.have a strong foundational understanding of data analysis and be able to draw insights from our robust data tools.for data scientists, the projects include assembling and statistical analyses of big clinical data, and application of machine learning and deep learningdevelop and implement data processing, including data curation and normalization. based in our elyria, oh location, you will directly support two major projectsdevelop strategy and provide analytical/statistical support for external data source evaluation, for modeling products and the third-party data qa.directs the data gathering, data processing and data mining of large and complex datasets. participates in the data gathering, data processing and data miningbachelor's degree in computer science or related stem discipline. expression networks is looking for a full-time junior data scientist to join our development3+ years of relevant experience in data analytics, business intelligence, data science or a related field. acquire data from primary and secondary data sources.perform data analyses over large sets of data. experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines to process and perform etl over large data sets.as much as youre a master at rigorous mining, culling and interpretation of big data, youre equally at task to glean small but meaningful data insights andms or higher in machine learning, data science, privacy or cryptography. this product sits at the intersection of data science, machine learning, privacy, andclient side, server side and data store experience. experience in building chatbots or voicebots with dialogflow or amazon lex. ability to write unit tests.reporting to the chief technology officer, it is the responsibility of the data scientist to define and drive the direction of the company's artificialmasters in computer science or a related field. a bachelor's in computer science, engineering, physics or a related field along with hands-on knowledge of thework with data engineers to define requirements for etl and data pipelines to produce and automate new data sets to support your analysis.strong technical skills related to the management of gis data. responsible for management of geospatial data related projects including gathering ofwe are constantly adding new product offerings or taking over more pieces of our (very complex) supply chain, and we suspect that there will be plenty of verydemonstrated technical skills including sql, python and data science libraries evidenced by experience working with complex data sets and managing datafreestyle thinker; identify new areas that could benefit from data science. at least one year of data science experience or work program equivalents in aconsistently introduce strong, data-driven business and technical judgment to the decision process. begin as an individual contributor and establish dataindustry experience in a data analyst role. have opportunities to work with and learn from other data analysts, data scientists, and software engineers in ayou will be working in key projects for leading organizations in data mining & knowledge discovery, predictive modeling, trend modeling, simulation models stay on top of technological advances and data science trends. ms degree in software engineering, data science, or statistical engineering.experience with data manipulation within a large volume of data. data science: 3 years (required). knowledge of statistics, analytics, and data mining.knowledge of data science concepts such as machine learning. masters degree in a physical science, engineering, data science or statistics from an accreditedreview data for discrepancies among systems to ensure back-end data matches client-facing data. create and maintain documentation on key internal data processesexperience with extracting and manipulating data in relational databases; expert knowledge of sql. the associate must be proficient in employing large scaleshould be able to manage the team to deliver the each release on time with sprint deadlines. hands on advance level python coding.welcome to the new age of *_translytical_* data. forrester research, a leading technology market research company based in cambridge, ma, defines a translyticalin this role, you will specialize in and provide expertise in data analytics, data science/engineering, and data management.create data pipelines and etls using sql into earnest's single source of truth data warehouse. query and analyze large datasets to run data quality andexperience with common data science toolkits such as r & python. ensure data integrity through testing of results. proficient using query languages such as sql.an advanced degree in a relevant scientific or quantitative field such as meteorology, climate science, environmental science or closely-related field preferredknowledge of advanced statistical modeling, testing, data mining, etl, and data science techniques. leverage multiple complex data sources such as credit bureauanalyzes business data and works with other team members to assist in planning future audits by gathering data and performing analytics.you will foster a culture of data-driveness through experimentation and data governance. you will work along the entire analytics value chain; starting with rawperform analysis on large sets of data to extract impactful insights that will help drive product decisions. possess statistical competence (such as regression3+ years of experience managing analysis / data science teams. maintains industry leading knowledge of data science theory and techniques, particularly asthe incumbent will support the greenhouse gas (ghg) initiatives within the agency by managing input data for emission estimation from multiple and disparateexperience with statistical techniques - i.e. data mining, data transformations, text mining, data visualization. 1-3 years of experience as a data scientist.members of our data science team need the strong creative problem-solving skills and technical background required to solve the wide array of emergingsolid experience performing data science from data discovery, cleaning, model selection, validation, and deployment; experience coding artificial intelligencethe analytics leader has deep technical knowledge of operations research optimization models, simulation models, and core data science/data engineering skillsetall candidates must be us citizens and possess or be able to obtain a top secret security clearance.you will work on data migrations and transformational projects, to design large-scale data processing systems, develop data pipelines optimized for scaling, andimprove tools through data analysis, technical expertise, and presentations to key stakeholders. perform data analyses to derive insights that help to identifycreate data visualizations via dashboarding and other custom reports. this role supports others on the team while learning to assess online data collectiondetermine optimal data sets and variables. experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders. 5+ years experience handling data for machine learning.develop business cases and data analysis for key projects. proficiency with excel, and other financial systems, and data analytics tools.data structures and common methods in data transformation. strong understanding of qpcr and amplification curve data. job types: full-time, contract.develop & curate data models for analytics and ensure the data pipelines are based on the data architecture. ensure governance of data products is following theexperience working and analyzing time series and reference data. use your software development and machine learning skills to find signal in one of the highestsupporting our data science teams with deploying data models. support data discovery and data governance by maintaining data dictionaries and data lineage.transform real-world data into actionable insights using robust statistical methods and compelling data visualizations in formats accessible to a wide range ofexpertise in decision science and creating engaging data visualizations that drive decision-making. influence teams towards data-informed decision-making andfinance and data science: 3 years (required). additionally, cloud-platform data mining skills are a plus. key functions of the managers role are to leverageworks with data stewards in the testing/profiling of data and validation of newly captured data to ensure proper operation and accuracy.a love of data and the ability to take data and turn it into an insightful story and decisions. 10% - develop and employ successful data driven strategies toan undergraduate degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, data science, or a similar quantitative field of study required.familiarity with graphical presentations of data. love analyzing big, messy data to uncover key insights. analyze data on an account-based level and identifybachelors degree in marketing, business, economics, data science or related field. the most successful candidates will have some capacity with beingfamiliarity with data engineering, data design and etl. partner closely with business stakeholders and other data teams to improve platform capabilities aroundas we lead the citys digital transformation, it seeks candidates with backgrounds in information technology, data science, business, design thinking, art andworking knowledge and experience in data science packages such as python or r. experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructuredapply standard statistical and/or data management software package(s) to execute data processing, data modeling, and technically complicated data analysis withmicrosoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, aat enigma, data science is the core of our actual product! enigma's product is data, and thus data science is the beating heart of enigma's product.an interest in programming and data analysis / data science. help drive continuous improvements to data quality procedures and a consistent approach to how databonus points if you have a proven track record of growing data-science teams through great hires, as well as fostering the creation of a harmonious culture.demonstrated experience in using data science tools to analyze existing horizontal development to make recommendations for increased productivity.experience with data science, operations research, or modeling and simulation tools and methods. prepare and conduct elementary analytic work on the collectionresearch and implement new image search models and improvements to existing ones using big data to solve real-world problems. experience with docker is a plus.with a focus on in-depth data analysis, data manipulation (etl), modeling, and testing by using open-source tools/packages.engineers and data scientists to develop advanced forecasting and optimization solutions. performing assigned tasks as part of the project team, workingthis new role will be responsible for identifying relevant data sources, tools (ml/ai/predictive analytics) and infrastructure to enable data science activitiesexperience with biological and entomological data and analysis. experience using software tools and languages (for example sas, r, python, slq, or java) tomust hold us citizenship and the ability to work onsite. ability to develop and deliver scalable machine learning solutions that address challenging newexperience with data visualization tools. experience merging and analyzing large, diverse data sources. provide data driven insights to senior management thatas a bi engineer you will be responsible for designing, building and testing our reporting platform with a focus on data modeling and manipulation to createoversee the organizational structure for engineering teams across data engineering, machine learning & data science.substantial experience with testing, data validation, and data quality assurance. champion data quality and governance by maintaining and extending a clean dataapply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data visualization and data-mining to create data alerts and derive actionable insights.bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, data science or information management.plan data pipelines for live streams and data warehouses. you will work closely with data architects, other data engineers, data scientists, and businessworking experience in end to end data science project life cycles from use case framing, data collection, data exploration, model building, deployment.experience in data analysis, or working as a data scientist, abuse analyst or law enforcement investigator. you will solve problems across data sets, bringingthe department of biostatistics seeks a biomedical data scientist with expertise in biostatistical consulting and analysis of biomedical data including clinicalthe successful candidate will manage a group of data scientists focusing on driving data-informed strategies to deliver value for our clients at scale, creatingyou weave stories with meaningful insight from data. experience with articulating product questions, pulling data from datasets (sql) and using statistics todemonstrated understanding of typical data science techniques such as classification, regression, and optimization to solve business problems.you have significant experience with people management and leading insights or data science teams. you have recent experience working hands-on in a data scienceknowledge of advanced statistical modeling, testing, data mining, etl, and data science techniques. assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sourcesunderstanding on databases, data warehouses, data lakes. design, build and maintain data processing pipelines. good communication and cross functional skills.promote data literacy and a data driven decision culture. must know when and where to use appropriate data; recognize when data is misleading, misrepresented orat least one year of experience in data analytics / data science. utilize data to illustrate business trends and identify areas of opportunity.analyze data to identify and interpret patterns and trends, assess data quality and eliminate irrelevant data; present findings in reports and presentations indemonstrated ability to extract data contained in large databases and analyze that data to derive meaningful information.knowledgeable with data analytics, data science, and statistical reporting concepts and best practices. the ability to extract, transform, and load (etl) datadata mining unstructured data sources. gathering and extracting data from third party sources. enhancing data collection procedures to include information thatcontribute to data models and designs for the data warehouse. our data strategy and operations team is focused on implementing and evolving client's investmentapply data to develop and provide analytical support to all levels of management. create, develop, and/or apply existing tools and techniques to conduct dataidentify data requirements, data sources and standardize data across the organization. demonstrates ability to review data, draw conclusions and recommendstandardizing on common data models across data types. innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms.1-2 years of experience in applied artificial intelligence technologies including machine learning, predictive data analytics, and/or data science.a bachelor-level degree or higher in engineering, computer science, data communications, or it is required. minimum 2 years of python experience.experience with geospatial data or multidimensional data is a plus. independently build and develop machine learning models & systems to enhance map creationdetermining sources of data, plans, and using advanced predictive analysis, data visualization, modeling, machine learning, and data science methods to validateresearch and analyze cutting edge algorithms and technologies with a focus on natural language processing and data visualization techniques.were disrupting the way people type by leveraging artificial intelligence. design and implement solutions to difficult technical challenges including:use data science techniques to analyze fraudulent behavior patterns. practical understanding of machine learning and data science concepts, and a track recorda minimum of 1 year of industry experience in data science, analytics or engineering preferred. bachelor's degree in a highly numerate major (math, stats, econ,bachelors degree in math, statistics, data science, computer science, or related fields. conduct routine ad hoc data runs and prepare write-ups in response toperform data collection and run simulations to create, curate, and label machine learning data sets. apply machine learning models, tools, and techniques toexperience with state of the art deep learning techniques for various computer vision tasks including real-time object detection, segmentation, tracking,aspiring to completion of bachelors degree in life sciences/healthcare/data science/project management. read and understand the clinical trial protocol tofamiliarity with data management tools. building tools to automate data collection. correlating similar data to find actionable results.qaqc of reported water quality data. interpretation and formal presentation or data; creation of schemas for water quality data reporting;this role is part data engineer, part data analyst, part data architect, developing domain expertise in ficos business to help drive data driven decisions.these partnerships enable verana to harness the comprehensive data found in qualified clinical data registries and other specialty data sources to accelerateour software engineer - machine learning is expected to design and code solutions which translate the needs of machine learning/data science teams intoexperience manipulating large data sets in sql or equivalent, and drawing actionable insights from data. oversee data and metric governance for fraud, system,experience working with and creating data architectures. participate in the planning of complex data and analytics strategy. completion of masters degree.this role focuses on language data, primarily in the areas of writing and general data analysis deliverables. writing high-quality and engaging copy.high performance computing (hpc) and artificial intelligence (ai) are key markets for nvidia. researchers and scientists are actively embracing gpu programmingdemonstrate data science capabilities through understanding and application of the math, statistics and machine learning to build software prototypes based ondata science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics. 04 years of experience in the field.knowledge in three of the following technical disciplines: data warehousing, big data management, analytics development, data science, application programmingcreate and maintain services for data science products (includes real time data application as well as ml pipeline). fluent in sql and python.proficiency in quantitative data collection and data analysis using sql is required. experience with data science and statistical concepts such as regressionthe advanced computing and artificial intelligence division at gtri's information and communications lab (icl) currently seek students to start fall 2021 whobachelors degree in marketing, statistics, data science or business administration. 3+ years in marketing and data analytics. power bi: 2 years (preferred).building tools to automate data collection. present information using data visualization techniques. correlating similar data to find actionable results.ibm provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environmentswith complete softwarewe have a fully funded phd opportunity in the dept. of civil and environmental engineering at the university of pittsburgh, pittsburgh, pa usa. please see thewe help them make data analysis a key part to the way their business is run by using sophisticated technology approaches to how they generate data.4+ relevant experience within data science or analysis. perform data studies and data discovery routines for video, voice, weblog, sensor, machine and sociala graduate degree in statistics, data science, mathematics, engineering, business or related discipline is preferred. data visualization: 3 years (preferred).we are hiring candidates after their phd degree and after an ms/ma degree. machine learning: 1 year (required). temporarily due to covid-19.minimum of 2 years working experience in technical data analysis, data science, or data warehousing with proven business analysis experience.strong data management skills, including data manipulations, linking across datasets in different units of analysis, techniques to resolve outlier problems.prior healthcare data analysis experience is preferred. the data analyst position assists mapmg in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing,the data engineer will work collaboratively with the data science team to develop large-scale pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helpsdata engineers build industrialized data assets and optimize data pipelines in support of business intelligence and advance analytic objectives.hands on experience working with large data sets, including statistical analysis, data cleansing/transformation, data visualization and data mining.must be able to both manage and manipulate large data sets, develop data science approaches, and manage data science tasks.2+ years of hands on experience with data warehouse, bi reporting testing experience using tools like power bi, snowflake, netezza, microstrategy.creative is seeking a helpdesk analyst that can be the front line for communication with customers via email, phone and our ticketing system regarding issues,knowledge and experience applying common data science methods. develop data roadmap based on current state survey of current data sets.maintains and improves data quality by carrying out quality control procedures to ensure complete and accurate data. strong aptitude on detail and accuracy.working with large data sets and analyzing data from various sources. human resources processes and data. interpreting, presenting and explaining data. ability to input data and information into a data system.  accurate data entry of participant information into the well family data system.you use data science tools like sql and python. you will report into a data science leader (senior data scientist or above). we need your help to do so.mapped is an ai-powered data infrastructure platform for commercial and industrial iot. build machine learning models to extract semantics from data and inferequifax is seeking a data scientist who will be responsible for developing, managing and delivering analytical solutions through data analysis and data scienceperform data exploration and data mining. we are looking for individuals who are passionate about data science and are intellectually curious.perform hands-on work with data analysis, data visualization, data validation and quality assurance, while working as a full-time on-site staff at the customeralong the way, youll help improve inefficiencies, ensure we follow best practices around data, and work on interesting data science projects in areas likeexplorium offers a first of its kind data science platform powered by augmented data discovery and feature engineering. remote position, various locations, us.build enterprise data assets that will be used for reporting, analytics, and data science. mentor other data engineers and analysts in data engineering bestsoftware engineering fundamentals, including coding, problem solving and data analysis skills. you would be working with truly big data by training andcreate insightful automated dashboards and data visualizations to track key business metrics. strong communication skills, written and verbal; ability toexperience with data science tool kits. identifies data patterns and trends. participates and provides product guidance over data science and analytics a bachelors degree in any of the following areas - statistics, data science, physics, computer science or social sciences heavy in quantitative methodologiestriangulate labs is looking for a data science engineer who will work closely with our technically minded founders to build and validate predictive analyticsperform exploratory data analysis and statistical modelling with high quality data handling techniques. ability to work with unstructured data.having data analysis background in health-related data is a plus. design and develop a machine learning platform to train, manage data, evaluate, deploy modelsthe senior data analyst provides data management, data analysis, and development of data dashboards for all assigned evaluation and quality improvementspecialized experience: one and one-half (1 1/2) years for level iii and two and one-half (2-1/2) years for level iv of professional work experience conducting\*\*\*must successfully complete 3 hour training and must be able to attend and score one basketball game a week. *. job types: part-time, internship.advocate for changes that are supported by data. strong interest in data, analysis and crm technologies. highly analytical, ability to interpret data and buildcompile data and information found into reports and presentations that clearly express the findings, including where the data was found and the associated riskadvanced degree in statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or data science preferred. our senior data scientist will focus on existing datadegree should be in political science, foreign policy and national security, or data science for political science other public affairs and internationalutilizes an intermediate understanding of multiple data structures and sources to lead the development and implementation of business intelligence solutions,the development of data-driven visualization tools for the explorative analysis of high-dimensional data. algorithm development for decisions and measurementsability to summarize open source data into various finished intelligence products. youll gain an understanding of various collection platforms as you explorewe are seeking a talented data analyst with experience in data mining, statistical data analytics, and reporting.you are capable of using machine learning and statistical techniques to model a variety of different types of data from time-series and sequential data todefines data requirements and identifies both existing and new data sources and methodologies. this position is primarily responsible for providing analysis andparticipating in the discovery around new ways to automate data science tools. develop, test and support a robust infrastructure for automating documentationdevelop and articulate data stories and show them to your stakeholders. crafting effective intelligent benchmarks, understanding performance, caring about data1-3 years post-undergraduate or graduate experience in data science, analytics, data storytelling, or related research experience.analyzes and models structured data and implements algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machinebuild data pipelines and deploy data integration solutions. work with data providers, client data owners and design teams to create the technical specificationsdesign and develop ml algorithms for business objectives (e.g. image processing, material development, legacy data mining, etc.).a masters degree in transportation planning/engineering, data science, or related field. you will also be the key data analyst for nyc ferry reviewingactively work on writing and researching new content to teach the most up to date skills in data science to our students. experience building and leading teams.utilize research methodology and data collection tools to ensure that appropriate data is gathered. extract data from appropriate sources including surveillancebachelors degree in computer science, data science, statistics or at least 4 years additional experience in data science, statistics or a similar role.> 3 years experience in processing data with python, sql, and other data tools. processing data with python, sql, and other data tools: 2 years (required).4-5+ years of real-world business experience in a data science role. familiarity with data platform technology integrations.work with cohort & case/control studies & population-based data sources to model trends in incidence, mortality & survival. 0-5 years of experience.3-7 years of experience with data science using statistical languages such as r to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.you have a strong interest in data science and quantitative analytics, with an emphasis on marketing mix modelling, pricing and promotion analytics, forecasting supervise data analysts fulfilling requests for data or reports made by dohmh leadership. we are seeking to fill one senior data analyst position in the covidthis data driven individual will work to support our data science team to deliver scalable solutions that provide real-word business value.you will assist management in the communication of insights and the implementation of impactful data science solutions across the organization.4+ years of relevant professional experience in advanced analytics, software engineering, or data science roles.understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture. if you also have knowledge of data science and software engineering, wed like tothe sesotec technician is integral in making decisions about process adjustments based on the understanding of all available data. fulfill all daily pms.adept in ambiguous situations, flexible and comfortable making decisions using minimal available data. through single-cell biology, computational biology, andstructure and design data visualizations to communicate data to internal stakeholders, campaigns, and strategic partners.the successful candidate will be expected to work with a diverse set of data sources, such as time series data, spatial, graph data, semi-structured and20 days pto/year + 10 holidays/year. 6% 401k match with immediate vesting. semi-annual bonus eligibility (july and december).common data science libraries and toolkits. (alternative to the above) experience and background in social media analysis including network graphing tools,1-2 years of experience in data modeling, data warehousing, and big data architectures. build robust data pipelines using modern data engineering technologyrequired prior data science experience in payments or financial services. experience with integration of data from multiple data sources.prior research or development experience working with data, solving problems with data, and experience building advanced analytic models.experience with advanced analytics solutions (data science, machine learning, data modeling, etc.). including infrastructure (e.g., data engineering) nice-toscripting languages and data science experience, python, ruby, etc. data science and machine learning experience. familiarity with message queues, kafka.bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent practical experience. experience in program management on technical cross-functional projects.train and tune a variety of model architectures with small to large scale data sets; assist data science team with more complex data sets.analyse data sources, and acquire data. create data pipelines, and integrate to final data destinations. in particular, you will be developing the means tofamiliarity or ability to quickly ramp up with machine learning, deep learning, data mining, and/or data science. experience in object oriented programming.collaborate with x-functional teams to translate business challenges into data science problems, transform data into analytical data assets, data products andsupport user training and enablement, helping to integrate our data and technology into daily workflows and processes.1 to 3 years of commercial experience in a data analyst or data scientist role. providing data analysis and recommendations to the business group to makefirst-hand experience working in/with the advertising, data and technology across the media and entertainment industry.highly proficient in at least one programming language commonly used in exploratory data analysis for neuroscience, such as python, r, julia, scala, go, etc.maintain the interos data dictionary and master data catalogs. have a demonstrated passion for data and working in data-driven organizations.apply expertise in systems and data analysis, data mining, and data visualization to see beyond the numbers and generate insights that influence the strategystay abreast of advances in data science and modeling techniques applicable to the industrial field. the data scientist will contribute and lead data scienceidentify, research, and analyze new data sources that complement and enrich the quality of the data platform. define, create, and improve metrics and dashboardsextract and evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, resolve data conflicts and customize communication of key data findings to diverse audiences.additionally, data analyst will work with external business users to identify data transformation or system interface requirements, analyze data from existing work closely with research informatics faculty and staff to expand and create innovative big data resources to enable data-driven translational science.applicants must have (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the gs-12 level using data analysis tools (sql, python, r, etc) to build and execute dataprovides expert technical direction for quality assurance/improvement of data. highly skilled in the interpretation, evaluation and integration of nuclearpresent research findings at leading finance and data science conferences. this team serves as the center of excellence for data science initiatives and istransforming data science prototypes and applying appropriate ml algorithms and tools. to ensure success as a machine learning engineer, you should demonstratework in our group focuses on developing innovative image analysis, machine learning and data science methodologies for multimodality imaging, and also onestablish processes for data mining, reorganizing mined data, and preserving nuggets mined from the data. develop processes and practices for organizing newprovide data science and advanced data analytics to support dhs oig investigations. transform strategic data requirements into data models, queries, and dataproblem-solving with product and business teams, advise executive team how to leverage data science across the company.drive data engineering priorities that enable analytical and modeling success. ideal candidates will have genuine interest in diving deep into the data totechnical understanding of data models, database design, data mining and segmentation techniques. knowledge of common web frameworks for data visualization such2+ years of experience in advanced data analytics. the ideal candidate will have hands-on experience with healthcare data, demonstrated innovative and creativedesign and engineer internal data science tools to assist the team. 3-5 years of data science experience with 1+ years of nlp experience.basic understanding of data science concepts. 3+ years of experience architecting and building data lake, azure big data architecture, enterprise analyticsdevelop and implement databases, dashboards, data collection systems, and data analytics to help the management with decision-making.3-5 years experience selling business solutions to federal / civilian customers or to us department of homeland security with a focus on data platformfoundation in computer science, software engineering, system architecture, statistical/quantitative modeling with ability to process large volumes of structuredknowledge of a widely used programming language such as c#, javascript, python, or java. ability to demonstrate at least an intermediate knowledge of whichdemonstrates outstanding data analysis and presentation skills. analyze performance data from the marketplace to help identify future game mechanics andensure that the client receives quality data by reviewing laboratory data for accuracy, clarity, and adherence to gmp and/or glp regulations.work with the application development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models.you see patterns when looking at data of user behavior and can see the users intention. no nlp experience is required. we will provide all the training needed.maintains an operational level of knowledge in industry leading data architecture practices, technology and methods, including relational database, dataadvise analysts and non-technical teams on issues where data science can make an impact. the key concerns of the data science team range from predicting theyou will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice. identify and analyse data sources, whether internallysignificant experience with data science, with a focus on analytics. confidence with pragmatic use and development of data structures and algorithms.interface with various database platforms to pull data and link them logically; know how to deal with the inherent structure of the data.person may also be engaged to advice on related data science projects in that same domain. data science: 4 years (preferred). machine learning nice to have.manage, analyze, organize, and present complex data. advanced knowledge of excel (pivot tables, data mining, complex reporting). remote or new haven, ct - hq*.familiarity with data preparation skills: train/test/validation data split, regularization, imbalanced datasets. direct experience with data visualization.proficient with business intelligence platforms (i.e. amazon quicksight, tableau, tibco spotfire, r, etc.). expert in sql programming, database structures andserve as data and metric processing subject matter expert also demonstrating and understanding key data management principles and data use.work with data warehouse and propose data schema and data flow optimization for reporting performance and enhancement as needed.3+ years of experience in data/business/technical analysis,.  3+ years of experience in data/business/technical analysis.  ba in computer science or it.analyze data to provide new insights or data points for further analysis. ability to work with text data for analysis and creation of new data points.provides technical expertise and applies critical thinking skills to develop data solutions that solve the needs of the data science team.work up and present results with due regard to a different knowledge of stakeholder groups and leading data science projects.analytical - synthesizes complex or diverse information; collects and researches data; uses intuition and experience to complement data.data analysis techniques (e.g., data mining and retrieval); effective data management, data dissemination, and online on-demand practices.in this role you will directly support a chief data scientist team lead, working alongside analytics and data science professionals.experience applying data science in a scientific/r&d environment. collaborate with data engineers to leverage syngentas unique portfolio of diverse data assetsat least a bachelors degree in the social sciences, economics, business, marketing, statistics, or related fields. a pretty good handle on microsoft office.develop data science infrastructure tooling such as proprietary r packages. collaborate with researchers to provide insights in data.the consultant should have thorough experience in migrating data from local shared drives to box cloud, including mirroring permissions.work closely with a data science team implementing data analytic pipelines. work on ingesting, storing, processing and analyzing large data sets create scalabledemonstrate understanding of relational databases, data architecture, and data modeling. able to operationalize business questions using data.oversees a team of advanced data analysts responsible for a portfolio of strategic data projects that involve gathering data, verifying its accuracy andexperience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets. work with data and analytics experts to strive for greaterbuild business cases for data science applications through collaboration with business leaders and subject matter experts.maintain and document work associated with analyses and data science products. collect and process data to perform statistical analyses.ensure that the client receives quality data by reviewing laboratory data for accuracy, clarity, and adherence to gmp and/or glp regulations.minimum of 2 years of work experience in a data science related. provide guidance and recommendations to leadership team in areas of analytics and data science.machine learning engineers and researchers (full-time & internship). motion2ai provides warehouse fleet orchestration services for forklifts, carts, and robots.extract data from multiple sources, integrate disparate data into a common data model, and integrate data into a target database, application, or file usingbigbear.ai provides a comprehensive suite of solutions including artificial intelligence and machine learning, data science, advanced analytics, offensive andat least 1 year of research/data analysis experience. conduct cluster analyses of internal data to segment customers and leads. sql, r/python, microsoft office.3 years of experience working in an analytical capacity in a management consulting, investment banking, business intelligence, data science, or corporateas the senior manager of data science for growth, you will hire and build the data science team that oversees all data, analytics, experiments and insightsthe data engineer will also be responsible for data architecture that defines data models for new systems, selecting the best data storage solution for a givenwork between our engineering organization and stakeholders from our data science, growth, sales, marketing, and product teams, to understand the data needs ofptimus consulting, a data science and software company, is seeking a full-time associate data scientist in their washington d.c. area office.insight into how the operational realities of data science can be better managed and accelerated. incorporated local data caches for pre-population of featuresthe statistician identifies methodologies and measures for assessment and summarization of findings selects appropriate statistical and epidemiologic techniquessolid understanding of data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence. at least four years of working experience in a (senior) data science positionbs or ms in analytics, data science, policy, engineering, or math field. analysis of aviation safety and certification data to determine trends.working knowledge of big data manipulation is plus. design and drive the creation of new standards and best practices in the use of statistical data modeling,apply advanced analytics techniques (data mining, data visualization, statistical analysis, machine learning) on large-scale, high-dimensional data to helpbachelors degree and/or advanced certification in computer science, data science, or similar technical field; or 4 years of experience using software for dataprovide support in creating/coding, designing and testing pilot data-driven predictive/descriptive analytical models. health plan: 2 years (preferred).founded in 2014, cape analytics is backed by leading venture firms and innovative insurers and is comprised of computer vision, data science, and risk analysisdevelop sas programmable edit checks to assist data monitoring, document and report data issue to data management with minimum supervision.a technical level of knowledge normally acquired through completion of a bachelors degree in computer science, data science, or related area, or equivalentpassion for high data quality and scaling data science work. become a data expert in your business domain and own data quality. within 6 months, you'll:burnouts : detect burnouts before they get toxic with big data of okrs, checklists and 360. latoken is a top blockchain bet on the financial system upgrade.partner with technology on foundational data quality improvement and infrastructure, including the incorporation of new data sources and development of datathe ideal candidate has extensive experience developing data intensive software as part of a data science or machine learning engineering group.1-3 years experience with data analysis & exploration. data analytics tools (python pandas, r, or similar). produce metrics to track the performance of the teamcollaborate with software engineers, product managers, other data engineers and data scientists to understand data needs.analyze sequencing data using established pipelines; demonstrated exposure to ngs data analysis; ms degree in bioinformatics, computer science or equivalentwork collaboratively with our outsourcing service teams to define data strategy, identify critical data elements, and create data governance on those criticalproblem-solving with product and business teams, advise executive team how to leverage data science across the company. data science: 3 years (required).candidate must be experienced developing robust data processing and prediction solutions for production level applications.we're looking for a software engineer with experience in ads delivery, conversion optimization, machine learning, automatic bidding and pacing to develop newopportunity to train, research, and learn in the field of data science on-the-job; a chance to interact with active data science communities through conferences3+ years of relevant data science / research experience. experience / interest in climate data or climate science. familiarity with time series analysis.serve as a thought leader in the data and data sciences architecture space through consistent research and practice; bridge outside, industry best practicesmust demonstrate the ability to collect and analyze data efficiently and work within established timelines. assists with reviewing projects to identify criticalproject leads large scale data projects to support organizational. as a program manager your core responsibility will be acquiring benchmark data related to ourproficiency in data visualization tools including tableau. build new data architecture that interfaces with wins proprietary systems and with publiclydesign and conduct analyses pertaining to data acquired thorough various data sources. create descriptive data summaries including visualizations and writtenour benefits include: medical, dental and vision insurance, 25 days of pto with the option to purchase up to an additional 5 days, 12 paid holidays, up to 10%assist customer success managers in the labeling of our customers data. a recent graduate with experience working with data and tech.masters degree in stem field plus military experience in logistics, supply, maintenance and data science skills.analytics and data science techniques that will be used to turn data into actions. use apis to import and push data across various systems.writing code to build data products currently in the queue. engage in r&d to build data products that can address new and unique business questions or shedexperience in ingesting data with querying languages (eg. pl/sql) into data warehouse and converting databases into a data warehouse.good data visualization and communication skills. this will include preparing and delivering presentations with rich data visualizations and meaningful businessa. validate quality of input data and output results of models/solutions; c. validate the entire pipeline including: data ingestion, feature engineering, modelapply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users and publicadobe is seeking an upbeat, high-eq senior attorney to join the data/design legal team and provide legal advice to adobes innovative technology and researchadvanced programming experience in programming languages used in analytics and data science (e.g. python). as a data engineering lead or consultant on the datathe candidate will have expertise in implementing and developing data science it solutions. how youll help us keep climbing (overview and key responsibilities):have experience combining diverse sets of data at scale. exploring new data sets and extracting the signal that powers our products.2+ years experience as a data analyst, business analyst, or data report writer required. provide recommendations for data strategy and organization.practiced experience in collecting primary data, utilizing secondary data, as well as organizing and managing administrative data.analyze large data sets on high performance cloud environment. as a data scientist you will work closely with data and software engineers, field intelligenceat least 8 years experience in data analytics or data science roles including 5 years experience leading a high performing, collaborative data analytics team.4-8 years experience in an analytics or data related role. experience with sql and large data sets (terabyte scale) is a mus t.dandy's data program is newly led by a team with a proven track record of building data practices at hypergrowth companies. direct experience in data analytics.respond to internal data inquiries. demonstrates proficiency in developing, tuning, and executing efficient data queries from a variety of sources (databases3+ years data management, including multiple data sources which refresh frequently. experience with analysis and summary of health insurance markets, plan data,masters degree (preferred) or bachelors degree in public health; data science; medical; healthcare (or similar) informatics; computer science; epidemiology;responsible to create stored procedures and scripts, reconcile data, ensure data integrity, define data joining procedures, and performing statistical trendthese data operations include operations supporting labeling for machine learning, data annotation for product development, data collection for new hardwareparticipate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learning institute (dli) training to the federalresponsible for advanced analytical capabilities in support of d&z data science initiatives. responsible for applying advanced statistical concepts to analyzeexperience applying data science techniques and knowledge, and building data science products. 12 or more years of experience within data analytics and datarelevant professional experience with applied data analytics and predictive modeling. we're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas,evaluates the data, draws inferences and arrives at conclusions to create most effective presentation. assures that the office supports the publishing ofpython, sql, tableau, data science experience. bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent, with minimum 8+ years of relevant experience.comfortable suggesting and implementing data pipeline changes. comfortable dealing with disparate, unstructured, multilingual data sources.build data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers to monitor and report on data. active dod ts/sci clearance.communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical audiences, through clear visualizations and data storytelling.experience selling a data product, ideally within cpg or financial markets. circleup is bringing the data-driven revolution that occurred in the public marketshr manager will oversee all aspects of human resources practices and processes. hr manager will support business needs and ensure the proper implementation ofexperience working with senior leaders to educate on data and data science capabilities and how to leverage them to solve complex business problems.conduct ongoing audits of data in all hr systems to ensure data integrity. ensure data integrity of all hr systems data; identify and resolve errors and issuespassionate about applying data science to positively impact healthcare. bachelors degree in a quantitative science or related field.bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, or a related field. work with architecture, data, and design teams to assist with data relatedyou should have strong experimentation, metric & data creation, and data visualization skills as well as possess excellent communication skills to interfaceapply data to develop and provide analytical support to all levels of management. create, develop, and/or apply existing tools and techniques to conduct datawe are looking for a scrappy, hunter, with a 2-3 years of experience selling data movement, analytics, data science or similar saas solutions into mid -marketthis will require a deep understanding of data structure, data processing, and software functions to support data flow and interoperability between systems.prior application of data and reporting integrity and sustainability. minimum of five years experience working with structured and non-structured data tofamiliarity with data science techniques. a masters degree and in economics, data science, statistics or related, phd preferred.generating representative data sets for systems development and data science initiatives. 4+ years of experience designing data models and data warehouseswork with business intelligence and data engineering to design and develop data infrastructure to support partnerships evolution and growth.work within a research team to develop creative and innovative interfaces for complex analytical data produced by machine learning and artificial intelligencethis position develops, tests, and maintains scalable and efficient data pipelines to acquire and transform large volumes of structured and unstructured data,design scalable data processing and analytics solutions, including big data storage for various data types and large-scale data processing using databricks.develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.experience manipulating large data sets in sql or equivalent, and drawing actionable insights from data. we partner closely with several cross-functional teams,we accomplish this mission by conducting fundamental research in quantum computer science, developing and benchmarking quantum algorithms for scientificexperience with visualizing data (e.g. data dashboards). you will work in a small team of data science and algorithm engineers to expand our internal andperform exploratory data analysis and visualization to get a better appreciation of the data. minimum 3 years work experience in institutional research,data science: 1 year (preferred). proven experience in working with large scale data systems. familiar with commonly used data analysis methods and very goodbs degree in data science, engineering, computer science, mathematics or related field with 2 or more years of related experience.passion to answer product/engineering questions with data. can fish for data: sql, pandas, mongodb. can do big data modeling work: hadoop, pig, scala, spark.must be interested in enabling health science through working on collaborative data science projects as well as building data science infrastructure andable to understand various data streams and current methods in data transformation. 2+ years practical experience with data processing, database programming andcuriosity and passion for data and data visualization. 4+ years of relevant experience in a data science, business analytics, business intelligence orregularly manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, and proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders.troubleshoot problems with data and processing. eagerness to learn new skills and become an expert on the data and data modeling techniques as well as on thecollaborate with external partners, including external credit/banking partners and data vendors. through a combination of technological innovation and strategicconducts analysis and collaborates with subject matter experts in the planning, design, development, and execution of electronic data processing systems forexperience learning and applying state-of-the-art practices and methodologies for data disclosure including differential privacy and synthetic data generation.strong analytics background, able to pull insightful data to drive decisions and improve product quality and customer experience.phd in a quantitative field such as statistics, physics, computer science or political methodology and 6+ years of relevant experience in data science orhelp to create customer-focused analytics with data scientist peers. generates reports for decision-making using data visualization tools.strong data analysis and programming/simulation skills. statistical data analysis: 3 years (preferred). provide statistical support including statistical designthis job requires experience in analyzing big data using proven statistical tools and techniques, experience with solving data management problems and withwe have unified data and analytics talent across the firm and encompass a variety of disciplines including data science, reporting, quantitative analytics, andcreate data views and own data quality. this role is a mix of data science, engineering and business analytics. partner with business to solve problems.partner with leadership and stakeholders to develop our data science function. in this role, you will work closely with the data team, various operational teamsbackground in data warehouse design (e.g. dimensional modeling) and data mining. collaborate with the technology team to integrate new data elements and4+ years experience as a data analyst, data engineer, or related role. experience with data visualization, preferably in tableau.leverage r, python, sql, tableau, and other quantitative analytical techniques to extract and manipulate data, as well as to develop, analyze, validate andanalyze difficult statistics and other qualitative/quantitative data, particularly workforce data, fevs data, survey data, retention, and retirement data.bring our users to the forefront, ensuring data and insights are meaningful, so their needs guide us to the best solutions.provide data driven insights to senior management that drive innovation and a data driven vision for operations. knowledge of aws cloud native tools preferred.the expert statistician must have experience in handling confidential data and in taking all necessary steps to protect personally identifiable information fromindustry experience in a report development, data science, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable data engineering role, including datapassion for high data quality and scaling/automating data science work. understand data needs by interfacing with fellow data scientists and business partners.our benefits include: medical, dental and vision insurance, 25 days of pto with the option to purchase up to an additional 5 days, 12 paid holidays, up to 10%we take on the most challenging problems our customers face and provide innovative solutions that can involve data strategy, use cases & analytical modeling,ability to pursue a career in data science. participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with nvidia to deliver deep learningstrong educational background in data science, computer science, or equivalent, including hands-on data science projects and coursework in deep learning,an interest in data science. we nurture data science talent and advance student's careers. friendly staff whom you can learn areas of data science on the side.experience developing and managing data science platform and tools. experience developing and managing data science platform and tools within aws.developing and maintaining our data pipeline using apache beam, java, python and other data processing technologies; expert knowledge in both java and python;research and implement the cutting-edge machine learning algorithms and applications. analysis on critical real world problems and develop solutions.familiarity with machine learning frameworks (tensorflow, pytorch, xgboost, etc.). strong programming skills (python, c++, etc.).bachelor's degree in a quantitative field preferred or significant experience working in data-focused roles including data conversions, data archiving, businesscreate data tools for data science and bi teams to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.utilize internal software applications to source, cleanse and analyze a variety of greenhouse gas and spend data, with a special focus on historical productiondevelopment of enterprise data assets, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data.delivered high-value data analytics projects that our existing data products could not cover. incorporated a good understanding of the healthcare datasets atour clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.experience building and/or pulling data using sql. work alongside other data scientists and software engineers to expand indeed's catalog of tools, techniques,cedar is a patient payment and engagement platform that leverages data science, consumer-centric design and technology to improve the healthcare experience for2 years experience analyzing health-related data, specifically in sas. communicating with data managers, study personnel, and other clients regardingdevelop and implement effective and reasonable policies and practices to secure protected and sensitive data and ensure information security and compliance withspecifically, data scientists will apply data science expertise in support of measures of performance/measures of effectiveness (mop/e) methodology, mediatraining and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country. our business analysts use data-driven analytics to providethe ideal candidate will have a strong knowledge of ml, nlp, deep learning, knowledge graphs, and the ability to architect solutions; from data collection to1+ years of blockchain experience in data science or research. background in engineering, computer science, or economics.5+ years of experience in managing data science teams. build a strategic roadmap for data science model development in trust & safety.experience with building complex data pipelines. youll design and implement machine learning solutions for complex tasks on large data sets, includingyou have at least 7+ years of overall experience in the user research, data analytics, or data science. manage a team of user researchers and data scientists.own the data annotation pipeline, ensuring quality of data annotation for the entire team. commitment to data accuracy and throughput.ml apps strong computer science fundamentals including knowledge of data structures and algorithms, computational complexity, and object oriented/functionalparticipate in regular market research; review and analyze market data and trends to triangulate aircraft market values and maintain aircraft values database.the data scientist will be a key data resource for the research department, responsible for advanced data analysis, data infrastructure and management, andyou should have a background in a quantitative or technical field, experience working with large data sets, and experience in data-driven decision making.they will have the opportunity to work on complex data science problems including modeling techniques to interpret, infer and recommend based on insights fromyou should be an experienced data engineer and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up.microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of microsoft cloud solutions and support offerings.an ideal candidate for us is driven to thoroughly understand the data in our domain, developing data quality measures, and driving our product offerings vialeads the data analytics and engineering teams in research, development, and implementation of appropriate data systems.we are looking for a customer engineer (ce) to contribute to our customers data & analytics success by driving adoption, consumption, and support of ouryoull help define and build a strong data culture at slack by working cross-functionally with data leadership. comfort with ambiguity and grace under pressure.do you have experience data management providing monthly statistical reporting? analyzing large data sets, both online and offline: 2 years (required).perform and document data analysis, data validation, and data mapping/design. the tableau business intelligence analyst at the data and research center for thedevelop learning and optimization plans collaboratively with data science, web analytics, and business stakeholders.1-3 years of experience in data science and advanced data analytics. familiar with model and data pipelines. the associate data scientist is responsible for theinfluence priorities: review market conventions and data relationships to set rules for data validation. proficiency using data and statistical modeling andthese programs support research and education that expand the knowledge base of the mathematical and statistical sciences through awards to individualexperience with data visualization software & dashboard generation. experience with data visualization software & dashboard generation  tableau experienceidentify gaps in our data collection and collaborate with sales / marketing / finance on data capture specifications. microsoft powerpoint: 1 year (preferred).preferred experience in big data technologies. must have ability to manipulate, analyze, interpret large data sources, and tell a story from data throughskills with analyzing and deconstructing very large data sets. conduct statistical analysis, 3rd party data integration and hypothesis testing.support cloud migration of data science services develop a deep understanding of business data sets design efficient and standardized data structures, databaseexperience working with unstructured and structured data with a solid understanding of big data solutions. work creatively with data engineers to help createexperience with data science, machine learning, and statistics. identify the relationships among multiple sources and types of information to identifydevelop data fingerprinting models to inform users about duplicated and related data. help users get more value from their data faster with data modeling andbuild data etl pipelines, robust machine learning systems to support the quantification of fundamental investment processes. buy-side quant research experience.build data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers to monitor and report on data.training and development opportunities at cutting edge data-science conferences across the country. their ability to understand, navigate, and manipulate adevelop data pre-processing scripts for use in data science pipelines. this engineer will help monitor deployments in the field, analyze data from our variousgrow civis' business by delivering excellent work, identifying new strategic growth opportunities for the company, and developing expertise and credibility inproficiency in several areas of data modeling, predictive analytics, statistical modeling & analysis, data engineering and data visualization.make individual technical contributions to data science projects. identify possible new data sources for survey weighting, and automate refreshes of existingminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tofiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tofiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tofiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tofiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactfiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership byminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tofiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datafiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership bythe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datafiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership bythe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datafiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership bythe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datafiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership bythe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataminimum 5+ years experience in digital media analytics and data science role. a successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts tothe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datafiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technologyeducation: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. only serious inquiries with experience.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietya low-ego, respectful, data science team committed to solving practical problems together. to use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake tomanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impact151 w 42nd st, new york, ny 10036, usa req #198. ampersand is an audience-based multi-screen tv advertising sales and technology company owned in partnership bythe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the datathe qa teams primary testing coverage includes functional and regression testing of our gateway services products. oversee the writing of test cases/scripts.education: undergraduate (minimum), graduate (preferred), degree in mathematics, data science, biostatistics preferred. patient recruitment and follow-up.use gathered data to analyze test results and trends. experienced data quality analysis to interpret data and analyze the results.contributes to exploration and experimentation in data visualization. applies standard methods to collect and analyze quantitative and qualitative data.working knowledge of clinical data and relevant data standards. clinical trials expertise with an understanding of data operations required for the reporting ofexperience working with health care claims data with medicare data experience preferred. statistical programming in sas and related applications using a varietyto use distributed computing systems like spark and snowflake to manipulate data. you practice solid fundamentals with software engineering (test-drivenmanage, mentor and grow a data team that includes data engineering, data operations, business analysis and data science functions.primary objectives are to monetize our customer data platform for personalized messaging, conduct in-depth customer analyses, help understand our omni-channelanswer business questions using cloud data and cloud data analysis tooling. understanding of data sovereignty and data localization and how they impactthe machine learning engineering team at ampersand is seeking a machine learning engineer focused on productionizing bayesian models developed by the dataresponsibilities: provides vision, expertise and technology-based solutions in long range planning in the area of systems  architecture. serves as resident expert to conducts studies, investigate the latest technology developments  and analyze impact of current and future system requirements. recommends technology, drafts and presents  proposed corporate policies, drafts and presents proposed procedures, practices and standards. ensures that  new initiatives conform to the firm's long term stratedit  dynamic, fast-growing, entrepreneurial data science solutions company seeking seasoned data scientists! if youve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, were looking for you!  blend360 is an award-winning, new breed data science solutions company focused on powering exceptional results to our fortune 500 clients. we are a  growing companyborn at the intersection of advanced analytics, data and technology. blend360 it isa full stack engineer with deep understanding of data science and software engineering practices.   job responsibilities: strong computer science fundamentals such as algorithms, data structures, multithreading, object-oriented development, distributed applications, client-server architecture.design and implement machine learning models and data ingestion pipelines.develop and support a platform that enables data scientists to rapidly develop, train, and experiment with machine learning models.ehello,   greetings from ampcus inc. ampcus is a technology services consulting company. ampcus inc. is a global leader in end-to-end it business solutions and services with latest technologies. we are listed among the top 50 fastest growing companies in usa. we work closely with our clients for talent acquisition.  we are looking for an principal-pred/pres analytics. this is 6+ months position. your resume is a very good match for this opportunity, please review the job description below and pleflexion is currently seeking a director of data scientist for a direct hire/full-time employee role with our client in minneapolis, mn.  as the director of data science, you will play a key role in unlocking our client's vision - transforming the measure of marketing success - through the development and advancement of measurement methodologies.  you will lead the development of additional analytics solutions, data science tools and application of predictive analytics to meet the needs of our clthe e-discovery data science advisor uses advanced data science tools and techniques to enable the discovery of insights from client data and enable the analysis, review, and production of structured data throughout the e-discovery process. the e-discovery data science advisor will also use these techniques and tools to support the enhancement and automation of e discovery processes. consult with case teams on effective data modeling, mining and other data analyses as related to e-discovery and it data science consultant sme ~ we do not offer c2c or sponsorships agreements ~  this position is responsible for business consulting activities for the analytics competency center within various business units as the primary interface and as a liaison to information technology: serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers atthe data analytics lead serves as the primary liaison between leadership and data scientists to leverage information adding value to the organization's workforce. this position works with all levels of hr staff as well as leadership across the organization in assessing needs for various business functions and assists management in identifying, analyzing and recommending data products that add business value.  projects consist of small ad-hoc information requests to large cross functional data inmanager, data science & analytics  remote, us nutrien ag solutions is the retail division of nutrien, the largest crop inputs company in the world. as part of our collective mission of feeding the future, nutrien ag solutions provides full-acre solutions through our trusted crop consultants at more than 2, locations in north america, south america, europe and australia.  working at nutrien ag solutions will provide you an opportunity to help us feed the future, and grow your career.  what you apply by email/direct application at  role: data scientist (lead) location: remote interview process: 3-4 steps must haves: minimum of 4 years of data science experience (ideally 5+ but will consider 4, no less)python or rpowerbi or tableauretail experience will not consider anyone without it  jd: you will have an opportunity to directly influence our consumer product roadmaps and work closely with business leaders across e.l.f. beauty. you will be responsible for following to fuel our digital gno sponsorship available. no third-party/c2c candidates. this is a 100% remote opportunity. applicants must reside in the united states. our client, a major player in the cutting-edge artificial intelligence industry, brings other companies ai strategies up to speed. engineering creative custom solutions with innovative approaches, this company has delivered a clear competitive advantage to both startups and enterprise environments alike. this client has an immediate need for an experienced senjob details  title: senior project manager (ai/ml/data science/digital health)  location: irvine, ca  duration: 12 months    job description:  develop, execute and manage multiple it projects within their defined scope(s). manage a multitude of interrelated project activities and lead all aspects of the project lifecycle, working with project sponsors/key stakeholders, team members, and management to oversee all phases of project completion. build and manage projects work breakdown structure, mhi, greetings from softpath technologies !! pfb the below requirements with my client if you are interested kindly share your resume to pmahaatsoftpathtech.com role: sap data science consultant  exp: 10+yrs   location: cherry hill, nj duration: contract primary responsibilities  use machine learning, deep learning and other data science techniques to create advanced analytics solutions to business problems  wrangle large datasets, identify critical information, develop and test hypotheses and macannondesign has an exciting opportunity for a data science intern to join our technology in practice team. take a look at the description below. if you think your skills and experience make you a good match for this position, wed love to hear from you. were looking for creative, curious, empathetic people to join our living-centered design movement. about our firm  cannondesign is an integrated design solutions firm focused on helping people continuously flourish. whether designing for innovaticannondesign has an exciting opportunity for a data science intern to join our technology in practice team. take a look at the description below. if you think your skills and experience make you a good match for this position, wed love to hear from you. were looking for creative, curious, empathetic people to join our living-centered design movement. about our firm  cannondesign is an integrated design solutions firm focused on helping people continuously flourish. whether designing for innovaticannondesign has an exciting opportunity for a data science intern to join our technology in practice team. take a look at the description below. if you think your skills and experience make you a good match for this position, wed love to hear from you. were looking for creative, curious, empathetic people to join our living-centered design movement. about our firm  cannondesign is an integrated design solutions firm focused on helping people continuously flourish. whether designing for innovatirole: data science  location: newark, nj ( contract to hire position ) skills: 7+ experience working with data management, analytics and big data technology financial services experience (mutual fund background preferred) experience with data visualization tools (tableau, power bi) experience with hadoop stack and storage technologies such as hdfs, mapreduce, yarn, hive, sqoop, impala, spark, flume, kafka and/or oozie experience with big data analytics & business intelligence and industry standatitle: data science engineer location: englewood, co type: contract to hireprimary responsibilities and skills include the following areas: a strong desire to learn new things and continually improve yourself client information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help make smarter decisions to deliver an even better product and service process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis work with various business units to develop automated data science solutions that add businesprimary location: 6305 peachtree dunwoody rd, atlanta, ga, usa division: cox communications inc job level: director/senior director travel: no schedule: full-time shift: day job requisition number: 213428 cox communications is looking for a director of data science who will be a core member of the analytics center of excellence (acoe) reporting to the executive director of analytics. this role will be instrumental in the long-term growth initiative of defining and building out advanced analyticsare you looking to make an impact by helping agencies meet their mission goals through successful implementation and operation of their regulatory, mission or compliance programs? are you ready to help our clients mitigate risks that arise from transformational core business operational change or ongoing operations? are you interested in helping clients transform how they operate their business to be more effective? if so, deloitte's regulatory compliance team could be the place for you! our teaperaton overview peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. as the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise it provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and localat ss&c intralinks we pride ourselves on giving each intern a real-world experience and opportunity to hone their skills, build their portfolio, network with professionals and build relationships, in addition to preparing them for a full-time position after graduation. motivated interns play an important role in making this a reality, but we're here to help! about the team:  we see ourselves as a "start-up" within a big product company. we cater to all the flagship products, applications and busthe data science manager is responsible for leveraging structured and unstructured data sets in order to gain critical insight. on how to drive networks, systems, and products forward.  this individual should be an expert data scientist while also being able to lead small teams; responsible for creating machine learning models that help to better understand network capacity, system performance, or licensing consumption across out platforms. the data science manager could be located in any one ofperaton overview peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. as the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise it provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and localat dish wireless, we reimagine connectivity through new platforms, new business models and new ways of thinking.  today, we are building america's first cloud-native 5g network to transform the way we live, work and play with unlimited potential. our teams operate at the intersection of wireless, data analytics, ai and the cloud to create something state-of-the-art, radically original, and truly unlike what anyone else can.  navigating an ambiguous future, our mission is clear. we adapt to, and description saic is seeking a data science application administrator to joing our team to provide support for the division in huntsville, al. this job is temporarily remote / virtual / work from home due to covid-19. will possibly return to the office in huntsville, al once the threat of covid-19 is eliminated. job description: administers cots data visualization application. conducts analysis and collaborates with subject matter experts in the planning, design, development, and execution of elemay 14, 2021  manager, data science, analytics job description  job title: manager, data science, analytics location: reston, va about this role: this position draws on expertise in analysis, big data, and operations to manage and improve the processes that produce comscore's cross-platform, digital, and television audience data. clients around the globe rely on this information to shape business strategies and fuel advertisement buying and selling. this dedicated leader motivates staff and collremote candidates welcome to apply!  this jobot job is hosted by: christina finster are you a fit? easy apply now by clicking the "apply now" button and sending us your resume. salary: $275, per year  a bit about us:  confidential search  why join us?  bay area health-tech start-up  series a - with big backings  job details  key attributes: *leadership **managed and delivered data science projects and teams for saas/data platform companies deep domain expertise in ml practices, processes, infraswhen you join new york life, you're joining a company that values development, career growth, collaboration, innovation, and diversity & inclusion. we want employees to feel proud about being part of a company that is committed to doing the right thing. through various resources and programs, you can grow your career while developing personally and professionally. the center for data science and artificial intelligence (cdsai) is the 50-person innovative corporate analytics group within new yorkgenesis10 is currently seeking a data science platform engineer with our client in the financial industry in their plano, tx location. this is a 6 month + contract to hire position.  responsibilities: candidate must possess a passion for producing high quality hadoop solutions, be ready to jump in and solve complex problems, and interact with users to understand the requirements and deliver solutions requirements: bachelor's or master's degree in computer science or related field 5+ years of hanposition: data engineer location: ny or charlotte, nc (remote till covid)  duration: 9 to 12 months contract   must have extensive hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions in big data and data science platformsexperience building e2e data science using streaming and big data platformhands on experience on implementing  ci/cd using the atlassian ecosystemextensive hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software frameworks using kafka,data science platform engineer with our client in the financial industry in their plano, tx location. this is a 6 month + contract to hire position.  responsibilities: the platform engineering team will be building a streaming platform for consumer, small business, wealth management and fraud use cases and partnerscandidate must possess a passion for producing high quality software and solutions, be ready to jump in and solve complex problems, and interact with users to understand the requiremenhi, position title: technical project manager(data science) location: orange county, ca duration: 12 months solid understanding of agile, scrum and kanban development methodologies.experience with agile project/product management tools like jira and confluence.good understanding of machine learning, data analytics, rule-based systems, and data architecture.experience building solutions based on data, hypotheses, and mvps by defining and aligning on clear requirements, working with a cross-discipjob requirements at baker hughes, we are building a talent community of highly talented and motivated professionals for future job roles. if you match the described job role and are as excited as we are to have you on-board in future, please hit the apply button to be a part of our talent community. as a member of our talent community, you will be amongst the first to get exclusive news about baker hughes, various cool projects we are working on, our employee success stories and new job opportundiscover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future job title: lead data scientist location: dallas, tx hire type: long term contract    primary skill sets: spark [3+ years], python [5+ years], machine learning model deployment  [3+ years], kubeflow/ml flow [2+ years], feast/tecton - feature store [1+ year]   secondary skill sets: sql, big data ecosystem, docker, git   roles & responsibilities: min 8 years work experience in the field of machine learning, nlp & deep learningstrong knowledge in exploration techniques to identify the patterns, trendescription shift: day job  schedule: full-time  your talent. our vision. at anthem, inc., it's a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we're creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. join us and together we will drive the future of health care. this is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of america's leading health care companies and a fortudescription job description: the pilot training next (ptn) contract is seeking a data visualization specialist to support the data analysis and reporting capability for the air education and training command within the united states air force. the team is seeking a motivated individual with a background in data visualization and analysis. we are a team of "doers" with a bias towards action and have a proven track record of implementing innovative technology solutions to solve complex challenges.description job description: the pilot training next (ptn) contract is seeking a data visualization specialist to support the data analysis and reporting capability for the air education and training command within the united states air force. the team is seeking a motivated individual with a background in data visualization and analysis. we are a team of "doers" with a bias towards action and have a proven track record of implementing innovative technology solutions to solve complex challenges.description job description: the pilot training next (ptn) contract is seeking a data visualization specialist to support the data analysis and reporting capability for the air education and training command within the united states air force. the team is seeking a motivated individual with a background in data visualization and analysis. we are a team of "doers" with a bias towards action and have a proven track record of implementing innovative technology solutions to solve complex challenges.job decsription is as below the data scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. the data scientist work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. the data scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. creates reports, projections, mcompany descriptioncompany description  together we make. come make with us.  overview  at cricut, we believe that were all born makers. when we built our first cutting machine, we saw the potential for a simple yet powerful tool to completely transform the way people craft, design, and diy. since then, we continue to innovate with new machines, platforms, materials, and tools, but thats just what we do. who we are is a bustling worldwide community, a means for connection, and an outlet for uthis is a full-time position with my client in atlanta, ga   sr full stack developer, decision science full term position atlanta, ga   overview & key responsibilities the sr. full stack developer will be responsible for bringing bleeding-edge machine learning and optimization models into production together with a highly multi-disciplinary team of data scientists, software development engineers, strategic partners, product managers and subject domain experts.  this role will take models developresponsibilities: provides vision, expertise and technology-based solutions in long range planning in the area of systems  architecture. serves as resident expert to conducts studies, investigate the latest technology developments  and analyze impact of current and future system requirements. recommends technology, drafts and presents  proposed corporate policies, drafts and presents proposed procedures, practices and standards. ensures that  new initiatives conform to the firm's long term stratdiscover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future discover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future the company is a system security supplier and global leader in intelligent immigration and civil aviation security solutions and services, assisting governments with smarter solutions to uncover unlawful transnational activities at international border crossings (e.g., human traffickers, drug traffickers, financial criminals) they're looking for a ml/ai specialist who will partake in the creation of a new patentable technology with a focus on data using python, sql, tensorflow, spark/hadoop, andthis ai start-up in san mateo is looking for a director of data science. the company has a very ambitious vision to make a more intelligent search that combines nlp, recommendations, and predictive algorithms to improve lives. this search will be able to make better predictions based on user's goals and preferences to ensure that the most relevant results. with incredible vc backing, this company will make a huge splash in multiple different applications and industries. in this role, you'll be s** and those authorized to work in the u.s. can be considered as w2 candidates.** lead principle ai engineer location: irving, tx (onsite once campus will reopen )duration: 1 year and (r2h) principle ai engineer designs and develops scalable solutions using ai tools and machine learning models. performs research and testing to develop machine learning algorithms and predictive models. being a principle ai engineer utilizes big data computation and storage tolls to create prototypes and datasets.we are looking for candidates that are able to manage data without supervision, with high attention to details, with a logical approach and data modeling management experience.   scorecard development would be a plus.   languages: sql, python, r and sas.     job information job title: sr. associate, risk modeling/data science job code:   job family: risk job function: risk management job family description: monitors activities to minimize the company's exposure to risk. activities may include qudata science professionals ts/sci fsp  va, chantilly 20151 security clearance: u.s. citizen, current security clearance, ts/sci, full scope polygraph skills: scripting, data parsing, etl, artificial intelligence, machine learning, devops, secdevops, python, sql, java  we are recruiting for multiple data scientist and data science training positions supporting intelligence collections. qualified candidates will have experience in one or more of the following: scripting, data parsing, etl, artificjob description machine learning engineer/data science engineer salt lake city, ut direct hire pay range: $120k 140k job description: our client is a large global enterprise that is in the process of modernizing their machine learning & data science practice, particularly in the pricing/marketing/advertising space. in this role you will be responsible for building and deploying advanced analytics systems that are built to aid in forecasting and allowing systems to make improvements and decisionstitle: technical writer - machine learning, data science location: boston, ma type: contract to perm job #: kr302581614 note: this job is not open to c2c or 3rd party candidates. ignw is an engineering-based resourcing company headquartered in portland, or with geo based teams in seattle, wa / austin & dallas, tx / southeast us / california. we have global partnerships to deliver the industry's top technical solutions and talent to every one of our clients. some of our strategic partnerships incavp, data science - reinforcement learning (rl) expert are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? if so, deloitte & touche llp could be the place for you. at deloitte, we are creating a world-class artificial intelligence and machine learning (ai/ml) center of excellence to enhance deloitte's existing services and empower our clients to gain exponential value from their data. our focus is on bringing data, anavp, data science - ai graph expert are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? if so, deloitte & touche llp could be the place for you. at deloitte, we are creating a world-class artificial intelligence and machine learning (ai/ml) center of excellence to enhance deloitte's existing services and empower our clients to gain exponential value from their data. our focus is on bringing data, analytics, and technodiscover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future looking for someone with more experience dealing with image datalooking for ml ops expert with the following skills,  design, develop, deploy, and maintain production-grade scalable data transformation, machine learning and deep learning code, pipelines; manage data and model versioning, training, tuning, serving, experiment and evaluation tracking dashboards.  manage etl and machine learning model lifecycle: develop, deploy, monitor, maintain, and update data and models in production.  builddiscover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future discover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future optum, the fastest growing part of unitedhealth group, is a leading information and technology-enabled health services business. our teams are dedicated to modernizing the health care system and improving the lives of people and communities. serving virtually every dimension of the health system, we work with a diverse set of clients across 150 countries - from those who diagnose and treat patients to those who pay for care, deliver health services, and those who supply the cures. optum maintainrole: data science/data engineering consultant with strong pharmaceutical commercial data experience  we are looking to hire a consultant with the below skills set and experience for one of our clients within the pharmaceutical industry, a major pharmaceutical company. this is 6-months contract opportunity with a potential to get extended or hired at the end of the contracting period. interested candidates may share updated resume to carolina - omg technologies.com *ideal candidate is an establicompany description  at fannie mae, futures are made. the inspiring work we do makes an affordable home a reality and a difference in the lives of americans. every day offers compelling opportunities to modernize the nation's housing finance system while being part of an inclusive team using new, emerging technologies. here, you will help lead our industry forward, enhance your technical expertise, and make your career.  job description  as a valued leader on our team, you will manage staff who disqo is changing the way that the world's largest brands, agencies and consumer intelligence companies get to know their consumers. we've built the first identity-based platform that combines consumer attitudes and behaviors together to power the most accurate and predictive insights solutions for our customers, and we do all of that with the willing participation of our consumers and without using outdated technologies like third-party cookies. we help our customers get a cross-platform view idiscover. a brighter future. with us, you'll do meaningful work from day 1. our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: we play to win, we get better every day & we succeed together. and we mean it - we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. we value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine. come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future what we'll bring: at transunion, we have a welcoming and energetic environment that encourages collaboration and innovation.  we are consistently exploring new technologies and tools to be agile. this environment gives our people the opportunity to hone current skills and build new capabilities, while discovering their genius. come be a part of our team - you'll work with great people, pioneering products and cutting-edge technology.  protecting the health and wellness of our associates and canddisqo is changing the way that the world's largest brands, agencies and consumer intelligence companies get to know their consumers. we've built the first identity-based platform that combines consumer attitudes and behaviors together to power the most accurate and predictive insights solutions for our customers, and we do all of that with the willing participation of our consumers and without using outdated technologies like third-party cookies. we help our customers get a cross-platform view idescription: description\: as a member of the it research, development & medicine (rdm) biometry & data science team, the it business consultant ii serves as a trusted advisor to the global animal health and human pharma business functions acting as the primary point of contact and interface between the it department and key stakeholders throughout the lifecycle of short-term and long-term projects. the it business consultant ii represents boehringer ingelheim it to the business functions, promotechnology analyst program - cyber, infrastructure, data science, it project management -alpharetta / marietta fiserv's technology analyst program is an early career development program where candidates experience two one-year assignments in a core functional technology role. each assignment builds upon the other and together will provide a breadth of experience in the business world and unique to you! we are looking for university graduates with drive, passion, and an evolving target for their some examples of what you'll be doing: develop strong collaborative partnerships with business and operations leadersuse compelling data, deep business acumen and exceptional communication to drive business strategy and executionidentify business challenges, performance bottlenecks and growth opportunitiesconduct insightful analyses on major trends, thinking 3 steps ahead to guide emerging strategypropose rapid experiments to test the effect of new strategies or initiatives, and iterate quicklycapril 15, 2021  data scientist, panel science job description  job title: data scientist, panel science location:  chicago, il  about this role: comscore is a leading big data technology company that measures what matters to make cross-platform audiences and advertising more valuable. we are seeking a data scientist, panel science to mine our large-scale global consumer panel data sets and provide insights to help inform our methodologies and data insights around the world. the data scientist wies194 earth scie  nce data specialist the nasa earth science data and information systems (esdis) project, headquartered at the goddard space flight center, supports data systems operations for centers across the us. this includes processing, archival and distribution of data from dozens of instruments over a span of more than 40 years. the data is used for research and applications in a myriad of fields including land processes, oceanographic and atmospheric sciences. this particular task suppopartner with the best  as head of data science & analytics you will lead a talented data science team and deliver transformational customer insights leveraging digital footprint of the business, installed base and data assets in alignment with the business's overall vision. this is a key leadership position responsible for the creation of new data sciences applications for the customers by envisioning and executing strategies that will influence improvement of the asset and enterprise performanclife sciences manager - data analytics work you'll do a manager at deloitte will manage and deliver components of client engagements that design and implement technology-based business solutions for large multi-national organizations. key responsibilities will include:  manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures.  formulate planning, budgeti